The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	By letting it sit in a dish for a day.	0
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	Let the water evaporate and the salt is left behind.	1
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	The water evaporated and left salt crystals.	1
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	I saw a pinkish grayish color that was blocking the water.	0
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	You have to slowly tip the vial for only the water to go.	0
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	By pouring the water and salt into the thing, and letting the water evaporate.	1
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	By slowly pouring it in a tray.	0
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	The water evaporated so there was only salt left.	1
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	We put the water with the salt in it and put it outside for the water to evaporate.	1
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	I separated the salt from the water because the salt are on the rocks that are on the bottom and the water is on the top.	0
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	Because you can see salt in water.	0
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	I let the water evaporate.	1
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	The water dried up and left the salt.	1
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	We let the water evaporate.	1
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	The water dried up.	1
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	You just get water and the smashed mock rock and put the smashed rock and water together.	0
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	You put the water, a little bit, in a cup and leave it overnight.	0
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	We evaporated the salt from the water because the water evaporated and separated.	1
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	We put the water and salt in the Petri dish. The water evaporated and the salt became crystals.	1
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	We poured the salt into a Petri dish and poured the water out.	0
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	By the Petri dish.	0
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	By putting water in a Petri dish and letting the water evaporate.	1
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	Poured the top of the vial out.	0
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	The salt dissolved and the water evaporated and the salt went to the bottom.	1
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	We put it in a evaporation dish and the water evaporated.	1
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	I put it on the evaporating dish.	1
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	By pouring the water into the salt.	0
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	We poured the water out of the bottle.	0
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	Letting the water evaporate.	1
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	Put it on a dish and then the water gets in the air and the salt stays.	1
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	I do not know.	0
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	The salt separated with the water because the salt was heavier but the water was not even heavy.	0
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	We put the water in a clear cup and let it sit and the water evaporated and the salt stayed.	1
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	I put some water in a dish and let the water evaporate so the salt would stay.	1
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	Evaporate.	0
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	The crystals were salt.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	We used magnifying glasses and some sort of guide thing that told us what different kinds of salt looks like.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	You take a look through the magnifying glass.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	Because of the paper we looked at.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	We looked at a piece of paper and one of the pictures looked like the crystals.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	They will not shine.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	They were square like salt.	1
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	We knew the crystals were salt because the crystal identification chart showed us that the different kinds of salt were crystals.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	It said so on a paper.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	Because it was at it because we had a chart that could tell us that.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	They looked like salt.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	We got a sheet with different kinds of crystals. So I looked for the same picture like the crystal and it said Kosher salt.	1
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	The teacher told us.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	Because salt is made up of little crystals.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	Because salt look like little pieces of a crystal.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	I knew because they were shaped like kosher salt.	1
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	I knew the crystals were salt by the movie we watched.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	Because flour does not turn into crystals.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	Because salt is a crystal.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	Because it has a X in the middle, and salt was in it.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	The crystals are kosher salt and kosher salt is salt!	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	By looking at the crystal identification sheet.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	Because we measured them.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	Because it was so shiny.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	They were powdery.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	Because there were little shining things inside and I knew it was salt.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	Because we learned it because it was white that is how we knew.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	I would know that the crystals were salt is the way how it looks.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	We poured the water we left it alone for 2 days and they dry up.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	After the water dried we noticed it was Kosher salt.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	By breaking the rock.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	Because it tastes like salt.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	Because crystals are a kind of salt.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	I looked at them really closely and they looked like crystals and diamonds.	1
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	Because we looked in the magnifying glass.	0
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	I knew the crystals were salt because of the patterns and shapes.	1
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.	I looked at the chart.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	Topaz is harder because it would be all no on the chart.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	Topaz is harder. Because topaz is the hardest birthstone.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	Topaz is hard because you cannot scratch it with penny, fingernail or a paperclip.	1
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	M to Z is harder than mineral X and Y.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	It is harder than X Y Z because we read about it this morning.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	It is harder than them.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	It is harder than minerals X, Y, and Z because it cannot be scratched by either one.	1
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	A topaz is compared to Z because it cannot be scratched with 2 thirds things. Y is all the opposite of topaz. X cannot be scratched with one third of a topaz cannot be scratched.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	The Topaz is the first hardest mineral out of the 3 on the chart.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	Topaz is harder than all of them. It is just barely harder than Z, way harder than Y, and pretty harder than X.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	Topaz is harder than X, Y, and Z because Topaz cannot be scratched by a fingernail, a penny, or a paperclip so it is the hardest.	1
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	Tied with mineral Y because they are both yes, yes, and yes.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	Topaz would be all no's compared the minerals X, Y, and Z because topaz is one of the scratch free minerals.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	Topaz is harder than minerals X, Y, and Z because Topaz cannot be scratched by a fingernail, penny or a paperclip. So it is harder.	1
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	It is a soft rock Z, I think it is the same as Y because they can both be scratched by everything. It is little bit hard to X.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	Topaz is harder than X, Y, and Z because it cannot be scratched by a fingernail, a laser, or a paperclip.	1
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	Topaz is the hardest out of all minerals because it did not get scratched by any tool.	1
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	Like steel if you rub them and if it does not scratch.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	It is harder than all of the other minerals because it cannot get scratched by none of the scratching materials and all the other minerals can get scratched at least one time.	1
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	It is harder than X, Y, Z. I know it is harder than X, Y, and Z because nothing can scratch it.	1
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	Minerals X has 2 of them in a paperclip and penny. And the Y, Z and the minerals Y is the hardest in it.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	It is the hardest because it cannot be scratched by any of them and the others can be scratched with at least one of the minerals.	1
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	Mineral Z can scratch topaz because mineral Z cannot be scratched by a penny or a fingernail but it can get scratched by a paperclip.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	It is so strong that minerals X, Y, Z cannot break it.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	I know because when you break a rock that is when you know it is hard or not hard.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	How it is compared to X, Y, and Z is that the finger and the penny cannot scratch mineral X and Z.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	I know it is Z because it has one yes and 2 no's.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	Mineral Z cannot be scratched by penny, fingernail, and paperclip. Topaz cannot be scratched by anything.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	Topaz has to have X, Y, Z as minerals.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	Because it is harder.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	I know because a fingernail cannot be scratched the most.	0
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	Topaz is the hardest because none of them can scratch it but at least one them can scratch X, Y, Z.	1
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	Topaz would be the hardest because none of the tools could scratch it and at least one tool.	1
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	Topaz would be hardest because none of the tools could scratch it and at least one tool could scratch X Y Z.	1
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	It would be the hardest because none of the tools could scratch it.	1
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.	Topaz would be hardest because none of the tools could scratch it and at least one tool could scratch X, Y, and Z.	1
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	She can do a scratch test and see which one is harder.	0
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Scratch one against the other.	1
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Rub them together.	0
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	By scratching them.	0
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Rubbing them together.	0
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Scratch them together.	1
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Scratch them against each other.	1
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Use her fingernail.	0
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	A rock scratch.	0
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Use your fingernail.	0
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Scratch the 2 together.	1
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Scratch one against the other.	1
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	She can use her nail and penny.	0
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Scratch them together.	1
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Georgia could rub them together.	0
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Scratch them together.	1
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Scratch the minerals together.	1
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	From scratching with another minerals.	0
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	She can scratch them together and the one with the mark is the soft one.	1
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	She can scratch it together and look and see which leave a scratch.	1
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	She could rub them together.	0
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Georgia could rub them together.	1
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	She could rub them together.	0
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Scratch the 2 rocks together.	1
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	By rubbing them together and touching them.	0
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	With her nail.	0
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Rub them together.	1
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Rub them together.	0
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Rubbing them together.	0
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	She can rub them together and switch, if there is a mark on it and it goes away, it is hard.	1
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Rub them together to see if scratch the other.	1
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Rub them together.	0
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Rub them together, see which will scratch the other.	1
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Rub them together and see if you can scratch it harder.	1
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Rub them together and see if one scratches the other.	1
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.	Rub them to see if one scratches the other.	1
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	Because whichever one scratches is the hardest.	1
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	Which one makes a deeper scratch.	1
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	The other one that did not break is the hardest.	0
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	See which one scratched the other.	1
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	One will scratch the other one. She should rub the scratch, too. That way she knows if it is a scratch or dust from the other mineral.	1
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	First you take the black mineral and rub it against the brown mineral. Then see if you can wipe off the mark and if you can the brown one is harder and if you cannot the black one is harder.	1
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	She can rub the scratch. If it goes away, the black one is harder. If it stays there, the brown one is harder.	1
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	The one with scratches or deeper scratches is weaker and the other rock is harder.	1
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	When she rubs them together and the other one breaks the one that did not break is the hardest.	0
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	Because it will break.	0
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	Scratch test.	0
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	The harder mineral will scratch the color off of the softer one.	1
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	The one that make a mark. She should also see if stuff comes off when she scratches it.	1
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	If she does scratch one on the other and one gets a mark that you can to rub off. Then you know the other one is harder.	1
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	A penny.	0
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	The one with a scratch.	0
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	The mineral with no scratch is the hardest because the other one could not scratch it.	1
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	The one that scratches the other.	1
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	Whichever one gets scratched is the softest.	1
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	Whichever one got scratched.	0
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	Scratch them together.	1
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	Whichever one that has more scratches.	0
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	Because maybe something will come off.	0
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	The one that does not break.	0
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	By rubbing them together whichever one the chalky stuff comes off of is the hardness.	0
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	The skin of the saltiest will come off.	0
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	The one that does not have a scratch.	1
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	The one who resists is the hardest.	0
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	Because she can touch and see which is hard.	0
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	If you see a mark that does not mean it is the softest. If it is pushed in that means it is the softest and the harder one there is nothing.	1
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	The one with a scratch is not the hardest so the other mineral must be hardest.	1
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	The one that crumbles the most.	0
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral.	1
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	The harder will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral.	1
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral.	1
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.	The harder will leave a scratch on the other.	1
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	He should put a rock and vinegar into a vial and if the rock has calcite, the water will turn murky.	0
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	Cold pour in cup.	0
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	Put part of the broken rock in the cup. Then add vinegar. If it starts bubbling a lot, it has calcite.	1
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	He should put a mock rock in a cup of vinegar, and if there is bubbles there is calcite.	1
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	Put the water in the vial and put the calcite in, if the water starts getting murky and bubbles float to the top there is calcite.	0
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	First find calcite put it in a vial. Second put vinegar in and let it sit. Third pour out the vinegar.	0
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	He should put the rock or mineral in a cup and pour vinegar and if it bubble then it calcite.	1
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	Because vinegar is cold acid is very into now.	0
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	Phil should put the rock in the vial. Then put vinegar in then look for a lot of bubble then put in cold acid in to wait for a few days.	1
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	He should put it in a vial with vinegar and then drop only the vinegar on later and when it is done there should be white crystals.	0
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	He would observe the calcite. Look for calcite in rocks. And then when you think you found it put it in the water.	0
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	He should put a rock in vinegar and look at it. If it bubbles it has calcite in it. That is what he should do.	1
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	Put the rocks in a vial and see if they bubble.	0
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	He should put vinegar in the vial and put then rock inside and look for bubbles.	1
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	Phil should put the rock in the tube. Then put the vinegar in the tube cover the rocks and it should bubble.	1
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	If he has a vial then he should get the rock or mineral in the vial and pour vinegar in the vial to see if he has vials.	0
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	Put some vinegar in a vial but first put the rock inside then you will see bubbles going so so fast and you have to wait about 2 minutes and you will see it.	1
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	He should pour the acid on it, then if it has bubbles all over it is calcite.	1
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	Put the cold acid and wait for it react.	0
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	Get a rock and put it in a vial and pour acid into the vial. Wait a while and when a while is done look in the evaporating dish with your hand lens.	0
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	Phil should pour the cold acid on the rock and if it fizzes it has calcite in it.	1
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	The color and the want was like. And he can see the hot or cold. And measure and feel it all. And it is stuff.	0
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	He would observe that there are bubbles.	0
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	Put the calcite in the vinegar and you will see bubbles.	0
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	Vinegar, gas, mineral, rock.	0
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	Because he should put the acid on the rock and see if it fizzes that means it is calcite.	1
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	He can do the vinegar test the evaporation test and the hardness test.	0
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	He should put the acid on the rock and observe for a reaction because calcite reacts with acid by making bubbles. So if the rock fizzes it has calcite in it.	1
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	That what calcite to when it is in vinegar.	0
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	Put the rock in vinegar.	0
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	He would put the vinegar into a vial and put the rock in the vial and if it bubbles it is calcite.	1
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	If it bubbles it has calcite.	0
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	If you put the rock in vinegar it should fizzle if it has calcite.	1
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.	Put the rock in vinegar and see if it fills.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	It if looks like salt then the salt is salt crystals. If it has lines in them it is calcite crystals.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	Calcite is straight lines.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	The calcite crystals have lines. Salt crystal have squares.	1
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	The calcite crystals were lines and the salt crystals were pyramids and squares.	1
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	You can tell them apart because the calcite is just lines. The salt crystals were pyramids and squares.	1
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	Calcite look like this the salt, drew picture, crystals look like this, drew picture.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	Salt crystals had an X on them and calcite crystals do not.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	The salt crystals look like squares.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	The salt crystals were square and the calcite had stripes.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	When the crystals of the mock rock you could see them really good and with the minerals, calcite, they were hard to see.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	I know that crystals are different than salt crystals because the salt crystals do not have needle like structures.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	They both have different crystals in them, the ones that are white are whiter than the calcite test crystals.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	The calcite crystals looked liked small white needles, the salt crystals were small white globs and squares with Xs and diamonds.	1
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	Well the vinegar if you beating a rock it will store bowl.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	The crystals were points and the salt crystal were Xs.	1
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	The salt crystals have Xs and the others do not.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	One of them was whiter than the other and had more crystals.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	I can tell the difference because calcite crystals spread out and salt crystals look like squares.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	The salt crystals have Xs in them and the other ones look different.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	They are different because crystals from the calcite test are not minerals and the salt crystals are minerals.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	I can they are different because of their shape calcite crystals look like needles and salt had squares with Xs inside them.	1
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	The salt crystals have little Xs and are square shape.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	Because the salt crystals were squares with Xs in them and the calcite crystals were and did not make shapes.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	The crystals have Xs inside when calcite has like white spot.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	The calcite can be white and crystals is black.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	Salt crystals had Xs and the crystals did not.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	The crystals did not look much like calcite but the did not look like salt either.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	Because the crystals from the calcite test were long and skinny. The salt crystals were fat and had designs on.	1
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	The calcite crystals had tall needle patterns and the salt crystals were squares with Xs in them.	1
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	The difference is the mineral have a little X in the rock have more color.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	Because the crystals from calcite look like little needles and the salt crystals had squares with Xs on them.	1
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	The one has Xs is the one look like sauce.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	Calcite crystals, salt crystals, acid, vinegar.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	A crystal is signet, and has stuff in the middle. The calcite is clear smooth. Salt crystals look like something is dried up.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	If you have a bowl and inside there is a crystal and you put vinegar in the bowl if it has calcite it will look like needles with salt it will look like yes.	0
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).	Calcite crystals, long needles. Salt crystals, X shape.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	I chose this answer because I remember what type it is because I remembered.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	The key on the bottom and the match.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	I see the same picture or shape.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Because on the key alum is a hexagon with a box in it and lines on the net observation it is the same.	1
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Because the crystals in the circle are the same as the crystals in the alum square.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	The picture looks like the alum.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Because of its shaped like a hexagon with a square inside.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	They have the same shape.	1
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Because I know what to do with the key.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	I chose the answer because in the key below in the middle is alum and it looks the same as the one above.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Because it looks the same as her observation.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	It is the same crystals.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Because they look the same.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	It look the same.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Because it is crystals and the things look like them.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	It looks like little diamonds, but it is salt.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	I chose this answer because the picture in the circle and the picture square look the same.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	I chose this answer because the shape and design looks the same.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	I chose it because that is the only crystal that looks like alum.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Alum has things inside so I look at the picture and it has things inside so I knew it was alum.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Because they have the same shape and they have the same size and they have squares inside them.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Because they have squares inside of it, they have lines going to the outside of it, and it has sides on the outside.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Because it is the same shape and has the same design in it.	1
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Because the picture that Emily drew looks just like the alum in the crystal sheet key and they are both the same shape and have the same pattern.	1
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Alum looks exactly a like it in the dish.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Because alum is the same one up there and I remembered studying it.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Because Alum looks like that.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Why I chose that answer is that it looks like Alum.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Because alum has a hexagon shape.	1
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Alum answer.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Because it look 3D or like a box the same shape.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Because I looked at the crystals and looked at the key and compared it. Then I saw a match.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	It is match is.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Because the alum matches.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Because the picture matches.	0
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.	Because it has the same shape and size.	0
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	The were like feathers they were tiny little overlapping squares.	1
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	It look like feathers.	0
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	Looks like salt that has fizz on in it.	0
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	They were squares with Xs.	1
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	The salt crystals shape is a square.	1
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	Square with X in it.	1
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	They are white, sparkly, if you put 5 or 10 together you can make a pile.	0
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	It is a square with little Xs on it.	1
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	Squares with Xs in the middle.	1
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	They would be a square with a X on it.	1
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	A box and in X in the box.	1
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	4 squares one X.	1
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	If I put saltwater in a dish it evaporate over heat and turns to salt crystals.	0
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	Organized cubes with X.	1
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	With Xs.	0
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	The salt crystals leaves a Xs.	0
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	It was while you could see through square.	0
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	They all look the same, but some of them look different and then really small.	0
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	It is shaped like a diamond and it looks like a diamond.	0
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	Squares with the Xs on them.	1
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	Square has X on it little X.	1
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	They are like little boxes with Xs on them.	1
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	They are squared with Xs in them.	1
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	They are squares with Xs in them.	1
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	The salt was made of crystals because crystals have Xs.	0
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	It is a square and Xs on it.	1
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	The salt crystals has Xs in the middle of the square.	1
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	The salt crystal is a square shape with a X in the middle.	1
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	Is just tiny and big because of crystals.	0
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	I do not know.	0
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	I do not know.	0
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	They have a square with a X in it.	1
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	It is shaped as square and has an X in the middle.	1
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	They have X in them.	0
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.	The salt has the letter X.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	You would see if it bubbles.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	Bubbles coming out of the rock and murky water.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	The vinegar would get all full with bubbles, and murky.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	I would observe broken calcite that looks like wet baby powder.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	Well a mineral is in a can of rock there is.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	It would be mostly about minerals.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	I would see if the rocks bubble.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	I would observe many bubbles staying on the calcite, and some floating to the top.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	You would see bubbles.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	You would look for bubbling.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	I would look for bubbles if the it has bubble it has calcite.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	If the rock fizzes it contains calcite because calcite fizzes when put with cold acid.	1
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	You would see the mineral fizzing.	1
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	I would notice that it should be bubbling.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	The rock would be covered by bubbles and fizz.	1
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	You will see bubbles coming up and you will see them going fast.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	You would see bubbles fizzing to the top.	1
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	You would see bubbles floating up or down.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	The rock would covered by bubbles and fizz.	1
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	Some parts will fizz and bubble with rise to the top.	1
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	You would see bubbles rising from the calcite.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	It would fizz and get small.	1
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	It would have little tiny crystals that are white.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	If I in a test on as rock with acid I will put acid on the rock and let it settle overnight.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	By it fizzing and it might take the rock apart.	1
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	Bubbly, shiny and kind of see through.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	Because the one thing that you put vinegar has or has not calcite.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	For bubbles.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	Calcite reacts with vinegar.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	Water breaks rock to little pieces.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	It will bubble.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	I would describe what the rocks color is and what the mass if it is a mineral or not.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	The rock would fizz. If it fizzed then there is calcite in it.	1
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	It will be separated in groups.	0
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	You would observe fizz in the rock that contains calcite.	1
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.	It sizzles. If it first sizzles it contains calcite.	1
The harder coin will scratch the other.	You could tell if it has the hardest if most of it came off.	0
The harder coin will scratch the other.	If just the penny could scratch and the nickel could not the penny is harder.	1
The harder coin will scratch the other.	Whichever one was damaged most was less hard.	1
The harder coin will scratch the other.	Rub them against a crystal.	0
The harder coin will scratch the other.	Which had less scratches.	1
The harder coin will scratch the other.	If it makes a scratch or a little dent.	0
The harder coin will scratch the other.	Well she can take the penny and the nickel and rub them together.	1
The harder coin will scratch the other.	The one that is scratched is softer.	1
The harder coin will scratch the other.	She could tell which is harder by getting a rock and seeing if the penny or nickel would scratch it. Whichever one does is harder.	0
The harder coin will scratch the other.	Maybe he should scratch even other then when you are done see if one have scratches.	1
The harder coin will scratch the other.	It would tell her because she could scratch the penny on the nickel and the nickel on the penny and see which one is scratched.	0
The harder coin will scratch the other.	In order to tell which is harder, else would have to see if the penny and nickel leave a mark to see which is harder.	1
The harder coin will scratch the other.	By the one that leave a mark on one. That means that that one is harder.	1
The harder coin will scratch the other.	The one that got scratch each penny or a nickel got scratch.	1
The harder coin will scratch the other.	She can scratch it and see which one scratch the rock or mineral.	0
The harder coin will scratch the other.	If the penny gets scratched the nickel is harder and if the nickel gets scratched then the penny is harder.	1
The harder coin will scratch the other.	The nickel is the hardest because is you scratch it with a penny it will not scratch but the nickel could because it is so much.	1
The harder coin will scratch the other.	You get a penny or a nickel if one of them scratches the metal it is hard.	1
The harder coin will scratch the other.	She would know because the one that is scratched is the one that is least hard and the one that is not scratched is the one that is hardest.	1
The harder coin will scratch the other.	The one that got a scratch is not hard.	1
The harder coin will scratch the other.	A paperclip is harder.	0
The harder coin will scratch the other.	The one that is harder will scratch the less harder one.	1
The harder coin will scratch the other.	I do not know.	0
The harder coin will scratch the other.	Fire.	0
The harder coin will scratch the other.	The nickel because it is bigger and it harder.	0
The harder coin will scratch the other.	By using your hand.	0
The harder coin will scratch the other.	If it left a scratch.	1
The harder coin will scratch the other.	I do not know.	0
The harder coin will scratch the other.	The nickel is the heavier and the penny is the lighter.	0
The harder coin will scratch the other.	You can rub the penny and the nickel together. The one with the mark and a scratch is the least hardest the one with no mark or scratch is the hardest.	1
The harder coin will scratch the other.	Because of it he you scratch with a penny.	0
The harder coin will scratch the other.	Rub them together and whichever one has a scratch or a mark the is softer and the one that has nothing on it is harder.	1
The harder coin will scratch the other.	Rub to penny with nickel and whichever one had a scratch is some.	1
The harder coin will scratch the other.	She would scratch the rocks together the one that scratches is softer.	1
The harder coin will scratch the other.	Nickel is harder.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	One is heavier than another see it settles in how many layers there is ingredients.	1
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	Because the sand is heavier.	1
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	Because the sand is the heaviest and the sand would go to the bottom.	1
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	We shook it up and sand is heavier than water so it went to the bottom.	1
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	The sand and flour separate because sand is heavier than flour.	1
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	Evaporating separates the 2.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	Sand and water have different size particles and they stick together.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	The sand and salt weigh different, one is big one is little.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	Because the water dissolves separates the sand and flour, and they group with their sister minerals that are same size.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	The sand is heavier than the flour.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	The sand and flour separate because the sand is heavier than the flour, so the flour goes to the top and the sand sinks.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	They are a soft substance that disintegrates when it mixes with water.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	They separate because the sand is heavier than the flour.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	The sand and flour separate because sand floats to the top and the flour stays on the bottom.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	I think the sand is on the bottom because it is heavy and the flour is in the water because it is smaller and does not weigh a lot.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	It separated because the sand sank below the flour and the flour stayed on top.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	The sand is harder then the flour so that is that is why they separate.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	They separate because the water made them into layers. That is why they separated.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	The sand and the flour separate because the sand is heavier and it sinks to the bottom and the flour is lighter and goes on top of the sand.	1
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	They separate because the water makes them into layers by making water onto sand in middle and gray material on bottom.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	It separates because of the water.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	The sand is the heaviest one because it is more heavier than the flour.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	Because sand is heavier than flour.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	Because the sand way too heavy when we put in the water, but the flour was the opposite! Because the sand was too heavy to float in the cold acid like the flour.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	Because the sand is big so it goes on the bottom and the flour is small so it goes on the top of the sand.	1
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	Because the sand is heavier than the flour so the sand fell to the bottom before the flour had a chance to fall down and what is heavier falls down faster.	1
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	If you put the sand then the flour then the gray materials then the water the gray materials speeds the sand and the flour.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	By dissolving and in water the sand moves around in it.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	Because when the rock breaks. They break into pieces that land heavier from gets.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	Because the flour was lighter than the sand.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	Because the sand is heavy and flour is light.	0
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	Sand and flour separate because sand is heavier than flour.	1
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	The sand is heavier than flour the sand goes down because it is heavy the flour is light.	1
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	There is layers and on the top there is flour because the heavy and the bottom is the sand because sand heavier and it goes down.	1
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.	Because if you let it sit the sand goes to the bottom and flour goes up.	0
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	Anna can do weigh it but she will need walnuts and peanuts. And after she weighs them wait for 2 days and the check back and will know how much more fat is in them.	0
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	She can use a scale and she can but the amount of peanuts, and walnuts. And the smash it on a piece of paper and wait 2 days before you look to see how much fat there will be.	0
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	Crush the peanuts and walnuts on brown piece of paper and let it sit out for a few days.	0
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	Put the foods on 2 different papers and smash them and in 2 days look how big they are.	0
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	First you get the food. Then you get brown paper or some type of paper. Next you squish the peanuts and walnuts on 2 pieces of paper. Finally you wait 3 days before checking the grease marks.	0
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	She can put them on a different piece of paper. The one that has the most biggest spot is the one that has more fat in it.	0
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	She could use a brown piece of paper with a circle on it and place a walnut and on the other piece of paper place a peanut.	0
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	Anna you can use the fat test. You will know how to do the other stuff.	0
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	Anna can compare the fat in the walnuts and peanuts by doing the fat test.	0
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	Anna can put both samples on 2 different pieces of paper and see which one makes a bigger grease spot.	0
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	1. Weigh one gram of each food. 2. Put one gram of food on 2 pieces of brown paper. 3. Leave for 2 days. 4. Check samples. 5. Compare grease spot.	0
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	Anna can smash them and put them in a brown paper and wait a couple of days and use a paper grid and the squares and then Anna will know which one is fat.	0
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	Walnuts and peanuts are kind the same because walnuts have more centimeters squared than peanuts.	0
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	1. Measure one gram of each food. 2. Crunch them up. 3. Put them on 2 pieces of brown paper. 4. Wait for 2 days. 5. Take the food off the papers and put them under a grid.	0
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	First you must have the same mass. Then, you must smear them on the same type of brown paper, but spread evenly in the circle. Finally, you must wait the same amount of time.	1
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	First you need 2 cups a little cube of a toy and a measurement and 3 brown paper with circular. And wait for 2 days.	0
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	First you need brown paper indicator weight and one gram block. Take the weight in brown paper indicator and weight one gram. For the peanuts and walnuts on the brown paper and wait 48 hours.	0
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	First take one gram or milligram and take a brown paper indicator and put it on a scale and when the food is one gram put it aside for 2 days and then see which one has the most grease.	0
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	The procedure Anna can use is she can get a grit chart to count the squares to see how much fat it has. Then see if they both compare to each other.	0
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	Anna should make sure one is not salted and one is not.	0
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	She will measure and leave them 20 day to see how much she did it.	0
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.	You could check on the back of the bag that sees which one have more grease.	0
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	Using only the results from her experiment, Anna will know which one has more fat in it by the larger the grease spot the more fat.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	The way Anna will know is the bigger the spot the more fat.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	She will know which one has the most fat is checking the size of the grease spots.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	Look at the grease that is on it and what has the most grease has the most fat.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	The bigger the grease spot the more fat.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	She will know because the one with a big spot has more fat than the other one.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	She can tell by how big each grease spot is so if walnuts had more fat it would have a bigger grease spot.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	Whichever one is higher on the graph has more fat.	0
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	You can tell which one has more fat by looking at the brown piece of paper and the biggest grease spot has more fat in it.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	The one that has more fat on the paper.	0
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	Anna will know by mix and dividing it and she will get a percentage of how much fat is in walnuts and peanuts.	0
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	The nut with the largest grease spot has the most fat.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	Whichever one has more oil spread out on the paper towel has the most fat.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	She will know by the grease mark on the brown piece of paper.	0
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	The one that has the bigger grease stain.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	Anna would know by looking at the 2 pieces of paper and seeing the paper that has more grease on it. The one that has more grease on it has more fat.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	Let it sit for a day and if there was a grease spot that is how she would find out.	0
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	By the time 2 days are up both indicators will have a grease spot, both representing a walnut and a peanut the one with the biggest grease spot has the most fat.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	She will get the results with the biggest grease spot. For the most fat.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	Then she will know that walnut or peanuts has more fat.	0
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	Anna will measure the grease spot then she will figure out which one has more fat.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	By waiting for 2 days from morning until night, then you will see which one is fattier.	0
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	Peanut has more than walnut.	0
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	The brown paper will look wet and that will tell you which one has more fat in them.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	The more grease the more fat there is.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	You get grid paper and put it on the grease spot and count the square in the grease spot.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	It will show a grease spot. Then you get a graph paper then it will show how many percent it has.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	On your indicator whichever had more grease spots.	0
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	Look at the grease marks.	0
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	You take the grid chart over each food sample and count the squares that is filled with grease marks.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	The grease marks will show her which one has more fat.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	Anna will know which food has more fat by the grease spots on the brown paper.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	The one that has more grease will have more fat.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	First you need a square centimeter chart. Put it in the circle and add them. The cross that are half add them to each other.	0
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	They should see which has more grease.	1
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.	Lay the crushed walnuts and peanuts on brown paper.	0
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	Putting the bag of yeast, warm whatever the food sample you are tasting.	0
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	Whichever food has the most carbohydrates has more sugar. And that is how she will know her results.	0
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	Finally Susan will have to get a volume tube put the bag in it and press down. Then you are done.	0
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	Susan will know which food contains the most sugar by how high the volume tube goes. Look at the one with the highest number or highest volume tube.	1
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	If one puff up more that means that it has sugar in it.	1
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	She will know because the bag that was highest in the volume tube when pressing down has the most sugar.	1
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	The number that is higher when you put the bags in them push until pressure has more sugar.	1
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	By how much carbon dioxide. The fattest bag.	0
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	When the volume tube shows that the food has more carbon dioxide in it, that means that food has the most sugar.	1
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	By the volume tube how much carbon dioxide. The more carbon dioxide the more sugar.	1
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	Whichever bag has the highest recording has the most sugar.	0
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	She will know because one bag will be different.	0
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	If how much carbon dioxide there is in the volume tube.	0
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	The food with most carbon dioxide has the most sugar.	1
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	Susan will know which food contains the most sugar seeing which one has the most carbon dioxide.	1
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	The bag with the most carbon dioxide has the most sugar in it.	1
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	The food that has the most, carbon dioxide, carbon dioxide has the most sugar.	1
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	When the timer stop for 10 minutes put the baggie into the volume tube to see which food had the most sugar.	1
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	She will know which one has the most sugar by measuring the volume and if the food has a lot of sugar. You will see it because it will have a lot of carbon dioxide in the bag.	1
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	She will know how much sugar does one have by looking at the bags. If one has a lot of air then that one produces more sugar.	1
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	The yeast will react and the bag is going to fill up with and measure it with air and measure it with a volume measure.	0
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	The one that has the most sugar is inflated and fat.	1
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	I will have big grease stain.	0
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	The more sugar the more carbon dioxide and the more carbon dioxide the bigger the volume.	1
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	Maybe by using the value shared.	0
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	Compare the bags and see which one has the most gas in the bag. The one that has the most has the most carbohydrates or sugar.	1
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	The more air in the bag, the more sugar.	1
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	Compare the bags to see which bag has more carbon dioxide in it 50, the more carbon dioxide in the bag the more sugar the food has.	1
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	She would know by the volume tube.	1
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	The more carbon dioxide the more sugar.	1
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	Whichever one has the most carbon dioxide in the baggy has the most carbohydrates.	1
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	Whatever has the most milliliters of poop will have the most sugar.	0
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	The one without the fat spot.	0
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	Whichever food item has the highest number. The highest one is the one with more sugar in it.	0
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.	There will be more, bubbles, gas than the other.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	No, because with pure sugar is higher than 200 milliliters and Fruity Cream cookies is 150 milliliters.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	They are not pure sugar. My evidence is pure sugar has 200 milliliters. They only have 150.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	I think yes and no because cookies are not just pure sugar they are sweet as well so they do have sugar but not a whole lot of sugar.	0
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	Fruity Cream cookies is not pure sugar because it would be as high as the volume tube with pure sugar.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	No because the Fruity Cream cookies are only 150 milliliters while pure sugar is 200 milliliters.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	No, they are not pure sugar because the pure sugar is 200 milliliters and the cookie Is 150 milliliters.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	No, Fruity Cream cookies have 150 milliliters of carbon dioxide and pure sugar has 200 milliliters carbon dioxide.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	No but they do have sugar. If it was pure sugar, it would be 200 milliliters not 150 milliliters like it is.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	No because the experiment tells so cookies have 150 while sugar has 200.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	No because they had less carbon dioxide than the pure sugar did.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	Fruity Cream cookies are not pure sugar because if it was pure sugar, it would be just like the pure sugar in other tube.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	Fruity Cream cookies are not pure sugar. I know this because if the Fruity Cream cookies were pure sugar the volume tube would read the same.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	The Fruity Cream is not pure sugar because the cookie amount of milliliters does not meet the amount of milliliters in pure sugar.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	Finally Cream cookies are not pure sugar I know that because.	0
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	No because on the diagram it shows pure sugar is more than Fruity Cream cookies.	0
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	No Fruity Cream cookies are not pure sugar because it is fruity. Fruity means it is fruit.	0
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	Yes because Fruity Cream cookies have sugar.	0
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	They are almost pure sugar because they column tube on the left is above 200 milliliters and the one on the right is below.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	No, because they have less carbon dioxide than pure sugar.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	No, Fruity Cream is not pure sugar the chart says that the cookies are at 150 milliliters and pure sugar is 200 milliliters.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	Fruity Cream cookies are pure sugar, because the volume tube tells if it has sugar and it has sugar because it is sweet.	0
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	No, because on the top it has the name of the cookies and it shows how much sugar it has in it.	0
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	No, because there is fruit and fruit does not have that much sugar.	0
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	No, because the pictures on the right show you that the cookies have less.	0
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	Yes, my evidence is that Diva's father said that they were pure sugar.	0
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	No, Fruity Cream cookies are not pure sugar because if you compare it the cookies are not the same mass.	0
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	No, Fruity Cream cookies are not pure sugar because they are not 4 grams.	0
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	No they are not pure sugar if it was it would pass 350 milliliters.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	No, Fruity Cream cookies are not pure sugar because pure sugar is about 200 and Fruity Cream cookies are at least 150 milliliters.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	No, Fruity Cream cookies is not pure sugar because pure sugar is 200 milliliters and Fruity Cream cookies is less than 200 milliliters.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	No, Fruity Cream cookies are not pure sugar. My evidence was, pure sugar result were 200 milliliters and the cookies were 150.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	No, they are not put sugar because when she put the cookies in the volume measure it was not to the highest number.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	Fruity Cream cookies have a lot of pure sugar and the cream cookies have less sugar.	0
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	Fruity Cream cookies are not pure sugar and my evidence is that pure sugar is 200 milliliters but Fruity Cream cookies is only 150 milliliters.	1
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.	Yes because cookies has a lot of sugar in it.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	Diva needed to test pure sugar so that she could make sure Fruity Cream cookies did not have as much carbon dioxide as pure sugar to see if her dad was wrong.	1
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	Diva needed to test pure sugar because that is how much she is eating with the cookies. So it is not good to have too much or else she will have diabetes.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	Susan will know which food contains the most sugar when the tube with bag inside can stop all the way to the top.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	Tube, warm water 50 milliliters, 40 to 50 bag syringe, yeast, tube, testing food, measuring utensils.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	Diva needed to test pure sugar so he know if the cookies was pure sugar.	1
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	Because her dad said the cookies were pure sugar.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	Because Diva's dad said they were pure sugar and so Diva investigated both to see what one had more sugar.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	So she could prove that cream fruit cookies had less than pure sugar.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	To see if it as in the cookies was exactly pure sugar.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	A volume tube, yeast, water, and a warm bath.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	To compare pure sugar and Fruity Cream cookies.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	The one with the most carbon dioxide in the volume tube has the most sugar.	1
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	Diva needed to test pure sugar because if she just tested Fruity Cream cookies, she would have no proof of them having less milliliters than pure sugar.	1
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	To see if pure sugar was the same as Fruity Cream cookies.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	Because she wanted to know how much sugar it has.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	She needed to test the pure sugar because she needed a controlled variable because if she did not, she would not know how much sugar is in sugar and she cannot compare the cookies and the sugar.	1
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	So she could compare the results and see if they are the same.	1
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	Diva needed to test pure sugar as a control to compare with the Fruity Cream cookie.	1
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	To see what Fruity Cream cookies percentage from real sugar.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	Because her dad does not want to eat that much sugar.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	She needed to test pure sugar to find out if Fruity Cream Cookies are pure sugar.	1
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	To see how much sugar it really has.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	To see which one has the more sugar to compare with the Fruity Cream cookies.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	She tested pure sugar because she needed something to go against with the cookies.	1
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	To see what has more sugar than Fruity Cream cookies.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	She needed to compare if Fruity Cream cookies is pure sugar.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	She needed to test pure sugar because then there would be nothing to compare with.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	To show her dad the cookies are not equal to pure sugar.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	So she could see which one has more sugar than the other. Then she can see which one has less sugar and she can eat that one.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	Diva needed to test pure sugar because her dad said to not eat that many cookies because they are pure sugar.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	To see if Fruity Cream cookies was pure sugar.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	So she can prove to her dad that the cookies are not pure sugar. So she can have Fruity Cream Cookies.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	Diva needed to test pure sugar because she needed to see if pure sugar itself had more or less than Fruity Cream cookies.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	Because if she did not know it she would not know how much it was or if they were the same.	1
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	So she can compare them or else she could not compare the amounts.	0
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.	So she can see the difference of the pure sugar and regular sugar.	0
The food contains sugar.	Carbon Dioxide carbon dioxide.	0
The food contains sugar.	There is sugar in the mixture.	1
The food contains sugar.	The chemical reaction indicates that it has a lot of sugar in it.	1
The food contains sugar.	It indicates that there is acid.	0
The food contains sugar.	The chemical reaction indicates sugar.	1
The food contains sugar.	The food has sugar in it.	1
The food contains sugar.	Chemical reaction means it has what you are looking for, sugar, acid, fat.	1
The food contains sugar.	That it contains sugar.	1
The food contains sugar.	That the food she tested did contain sugar.	1
The food contains sugar.	This chemical indicates sugar.	1
The food contains sugar.	It had acid.	0
The food contains sugar.	It indicates that sugar is in the food.	1
The food contains sugar.	It indicates that there is sugar in that food.	1
The food contains sugar.	It indicates that sugar is in the food.	1
The food contains sugar.	This means that there was acid and or sugar in the product.	1
The food contains sugar.	It indicates that it has food in it.	0
The food contains sugar.	It indicates there is sugar in the food.	1
The food contains sugar.	It indicates that there is sugar in the food.	1
The food contains sugar.	It indicates a sugar test to see how much sugar there is.	1
The food contains sugar.	It probably has a lot of acid.	0
The food contains sugar.	It indicates carbon dioxide.	0
The food contains sugar.	That is has a lot of acid and vitamin C.	0
The food contains sugar.	That there is sugar in the food.	1
The food contains sugar.	That it has a lot of acid and sugar.	1
The food contains sugar.	The reaction indicates that it has carbon dioxide.	0
The food contains sugar.	The chemical reaction indicates sugar.	1
The food contains sugar.	That there is acid present yeast indicates sugar.	1
The food contains sugar.	That the food had sugar in it and carbon dioxide.	1
The food contains sugar.	It indicates that the it has acid in it.	0
The food contains sugar.	The reaction indicates that yeast contains acid.	0
The food contains sugar.	The she tested sugar and it also indicates that the water was too hot.	1
The food contains sugar.	The chemical indicated carbon dioxide and sugar.	1
The food contains sugar.	It indicates how much sugar there is.	1
The food contains sugar.	The chemical reaction indicates how much sugar is in the food.	1
The food contains sugar.	That the food she tested had a lot of sugar and because she probably put sugar in it.	1
The food contains sugar.	This chemical reaction indicates that there is sugar presence in the sample of the food.	1
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	Not much sugar is in the thing she is testing.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	The results tell her that acid is present.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	If it has a lot of sugar a little bit of sugar or no sugar at all.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	If the tube shoots up then the substance has acid in it.	1
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	The test results will tell her that the one with sugar has acid. Because it bubbles up.	1
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	That it either has sugar or it does not have sugar.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	The test results tell her how much gas is in the food.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	If the vinegar made the baking soda react it would shoot carbon dioxide into the pusher, then she needs to write down how many milliliters of carbon dioxide there is.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	Her test results would tell her what had more sugar in it.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	If the syringe went up at all, that means the food contains acid. We already know that the food contains sugar because it fizzed.	1
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	The more carbon dioxide the more carbon dioxide it has in it.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	If it had acid and how much sugar.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	Vitamin C or acid.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	How much acid and or sugar there is.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	If the syringe goes way up it has a lot of acid, if not has a little or none.	1
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	The results would tell her how much acid was in the substance.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	It will tell her if there is a lot or not a lot of sugar in the food.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	The amount of acid in the food.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	If the food contains acid and how much.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	That whatever she test has more acid or sugar.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	I was not here when we did it.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	The results will tell her the amount of acid and sugar.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	The end or final will go white after it.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	How much sugar and acid there is.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	That there was sugar in the cookie.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	The results will tell her how much sugar the pizza has or acid.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	The results would tell her how much sugar, carbon dioxide, there is in the bag.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	The results will tell her how much vitamin C it in her test.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	It would show her how to check for acid.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	Her results will tell her how much acid is in the juice. The more carbon dioxide or gas the more acid it has.	1
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	The syringe will go up and will tell you how many milliliters.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	It would tell her that how much acid is in lemon, lime, or tangerine.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	If the syringe goes up that means there is acid in the food.	1
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	The test results would tell her that the food substance that fizzed and bubbled the most has the most sugar.	0
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	It would tell her that the one which bubbled up most must have acid or sugar.	1
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.	That is how much acid or sugar it has.	0
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	I think Overly Orange juice because it took less drops.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly Orange, OO, has more because it has less drops. Luscious Lemon does not have as much as OO because of the drops.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly Orange contains higher concentration because the one with the least drops contains most vitamin C. Orange 8, Lemon 13.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly Orange contains a higher concentration of vitamin C. The evidence is because if the juice becomes clear with less drops of vitamin C, it means that the vitamin C is strong in that juice.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly Orange because orange does contain more color.	0
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly Orange because it took fewer drops than Luscious Lemon.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly Orange contains more vitamin C because they put less drops of Overly into the container.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	No because if it does not go clear it has no vitamin C.	0
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly Orange contains a higher concentration of vitamin C, because it took less drops to change the color.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly contains a higher amount of vitamin C in it because it took less indophenol to turn the colored juice clear.	0
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly Orange because it took the least amount of drops to turn clear.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly Orange had the most vitamin C because it does not use the most amount of drops.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Luscious Lemon has a higher concentration of vitamin C because lemons are really sour and Overly Orange was not that sour.	0
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly Orange 5 less than the Luscious Lemon and was quicker to change color.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Yes because it had a higher concentration of vitamin C.	0
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly Orange contains more vitamin C because it took less drops to change the color of the indophenol.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Yes because vitamin C makes the indicator clear and the lower amount of drops the more vitamin C.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly Orange contains more vitamin C, the evidence is that there are fewer drops needed before the liquid turned clear.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly Orange. It has less drops and which one is less has higher vitamin C.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	No because the least drops you put the more concentrated it is.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	No because the color did not change. If the color still would stay the same it vitamin C.	0
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Only the Overly Orange contains lots of vitamin C because the blue water became clear in 8 drops. It is less than drops than Luscious Lemon.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly Orange and Luscious Lemon have more vitamin C because it took only a couple drops to make the indophenol clear.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly Orange has more because of the amount of drops she put in.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Yes it did because the lower the number the more vitamin C and they both have low numbers.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Yes, because if it has lower drops it has more vitamin than others.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	I think that the Overly Orange and the Luscious Lemon do not contain a higher concentration because they clear the indophenol fast.	0
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly Orange then less the drops the more vitamin C.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly Orange has the higher concentration of vitamin C because I took less amount of drops.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly Orange has higher concentration and the evidence is the overly Orange has 8 drops and Luscious Lemon has 13 drops.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly Orange has 120 percent of vitamin C and Luscious Lemon has 50 percent.	0
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly Orange contain the higher vitamin C because the less drops the more vitamin C.	1
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Luscious Lemon contains higher vitamin C. The evidence is that it has more drops so that is the evidence.	0
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Yes, because the drops tell what happen and it tell that this item had not so much sugar especially Overly Orange.	0
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.	Overly Orange and Luscious Lemon have vitamin C. My evidence are that it says that Overly Orange had 8 drops, and Luscious Lemon had 13 drops, and that also means that it has Vitamin C.	0
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	The indophenol did not change color with Fruitsnap because it did not have any vitamin C in it.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	It did not change color because Fruitsnap has no vitamin C.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	The indophenol did not change color with the Fruitsnap because the Fruitsnap might not have had vitamin C.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	Because it does not contain vitamin C in Fruitsnap. It contains only sugar.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	It was probably concentrated or it could have little or no vitamin C.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	Probably because they did something wrong and it did not work.	0
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	Because it does not have a lot of vitamin C.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	Because it is too bright.	0
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	Fruitsnap did not change color because it must not have vitamin.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	Because it did not have any vitamin C.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	There was either very little or no vitamin C at all in Fruitsnap.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	It did not change because the Fruitsnap did not have any vitamin C.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	The indophenol did not change color with Fruitsnap because it did not have vitamin C in it.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	The fruit snap did not have vitamin C.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	The indophenol did not change colors because Fruitsnap does not have a high concentration of acid.	0
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	The indophenol did not change color with Fruitsnap because there was none or very little vitamin C.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	Because it had no vitamin C.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	Because Fruitsnap does not have any vitamin C.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	It did not because it had no vitamin C or a little bit of vitamin C.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	It did not work because it has no vitamin C.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	Because it probably had more sugar than vitamin C.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	Because it does not have vitamin C in it.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	Because there was no acid in it.	0
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	Because it does not have as much vitamin C as Overly Orange or Luscious Lemon.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	Probably because the Fruitsnap does not have very much concentrate.	0
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	Because Fruitsnap did not have a lot of vitamin C in it.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	It did not change color to white or clear because it does not have vitamin C.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	It was not fruit concentrate.	0
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	It did not have any vitamin C.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	It did not change color because it has little or no vitamin C.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	Because Fruitsnap had little or no vitamin C.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	Probably because they stopped putting indophenol in.	0
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	There is no vitamin C in the drink.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	Fruitsnap probably contains no vitamin C.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	It did not change because it had not much vitamin C, so it would take a lot of drops.	1
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.	It did not have any vitamin C.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are loop.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	One is a loop and one is arch.	0
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are the same.	0
Both finger patterns are loops.	The both finer patterns are loop.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are same loop.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are both loops.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are loop.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	Because you look at the finger patterns.	0
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are loop.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are both a loop.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	Loop.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	Both loops.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are both loops.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are both loops.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are both loops.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are loops.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	They both loops.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are both loops.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are both the same pattern.	0
Both finger patterns are loops.	Their shape is the same.	0
Both finger patterns are loops.	They have lines.	0
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are both arches.	0
Both finger patterns are loops.	It is the same because it has loops.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	Patterns below then.	0
Both finger patterns are loops.	They both have loops.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	They all have lines.	0
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are both are loops.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are both loops.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are both thumbs.	0
Both finger patterns are loops.	Both of the finger points have a loop.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are both a loop.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	They both have a loop in them.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are both loops.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are both loops.	1
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are the same kind of finger patterns.	0
Both finger patterns are loops.	They are both loops.	1
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	They are different. Like bark not bark.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	They do not have the same rubbing material to be the same.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	That one has holes and the other one does not. One probably smooth and the other one bumpy.	1
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	They are not the same letter B has big spots and letter A has lines and little spots.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	Rubbing A is not that clear because they rubbed it soft and B is rubbed hard.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	A. Might be soft B. might be a little bumpy.	1
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	B is bumpy A is smooth.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	A tells you it has dashing lines B is telling us it has bumps.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	Fabric B has lots of clear, round bumps. Fabric A has smaller, blurry bumps.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	They are bumpy.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	If you look you can tell that B is sort of like a metal gate and A is sort of like a wall.	1
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	It is different because rubbing B has holes that are dark shaded wide and rubbing A has small holes that are mostly rough.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	A is harder to read than B.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	One of the rubbings are smooth and the other one looks rough.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	A was the second one behind the second one and B was the one that got rubbed.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	On A they colored it light and on B they colored it hard.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	A looks kind of smooth and the other one has bumps.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	I now one is same an hard.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	A is real bumping and it is hard B has small holes.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	A texture is smooth. B's texture is rough and bumpy.	1
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	The fabrics in A show that the fabrics is not show up fabrics and B it tells you that it was bumpy.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	The B it shows be rubbing when we color.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	B has some rough and A is not that rough and A is smooth. And B is darker then A.	1
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	The A one is kind of bluer and it must have been smooth because it does not have any bumps. B you could see it was bumpy.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	They are rubbed smooth and hard.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	I can tell that they are different fabrics because one of the fabrics are darker and have more lines and spots than the lighter one.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	If there bumpy or smooth or rough and show what the texture is.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	Well there are lines on A and on B it kind of looks like a screen.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	One is dark and the other is not and okay you can see them better.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	A was probably a much smoother fabric than B. Because B probably had more creases in it.	1
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	The rubbings tell you that you cannot see A. And later a string to tell you that it is darker than A.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	B shows us that there is a design on it, and you could probably fill it. A shows us that this fabric is not very noticeable.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	A has marks and lines and B does not have marks and lines like A it has polka dots on it and lines through the polka dots.	0
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.	Rubbing A was smooth, and rubbing B was rough and bumpy.	1
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	One has it one way and the other one the different way.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	One facing the other way.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	They are different thumbs of people.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	Is not the same.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	The 2 loops is pointing in different directions.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	They are facing different ways.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	Some are loop, arch, whorled.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	One is going left the other is going right.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	One loop is on the left, the other loop is on the right.	1
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	The loops go in different directions.	1
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	One loop is coming from the left and the other one the right.	1
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	They have different shapes.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	One is left the other is right.	1
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	They are facing different directions.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	The loops are going different ways.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	They are both facing a different direction.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	They are going different directions.	1
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	One loop goes left and the other goes right.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	One is going left and the same.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	Because they are the same and they are loop.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	The first finger look thinner than the 2 one.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	They are not in the same place.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	A has its loop on the left and right.	1
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	Answer and questions.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	Loop are facing different direction.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	They go different direction.	1
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	They one are in different directions.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	The loops are coming from different sides.	1
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	They are facing different ways.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	One of them is darker than the other.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	One has more ridges.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	They are facing different ways.	1
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	They are flipped around.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	On the first one the middle is light and the second one is dark in the middle.	0
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.	The first one a man print and the second kid.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	I will use carbon printing to know.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	I will know when the dogs are asleep.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	They will look exactly the same, same size same pattern.	1
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	So you can see if the bags have the same paw.	1
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	Some dogs more cracks on their paws.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	I will by looking if the dogs have paw prints.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	Look at microscope.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	Study them both.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	If they look the same.	1
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	By looking at the patterns.	1
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	I tell what is he mean.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	The carbon printings will look the same.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	It is the different dog and is not the same.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	Their paw prints will be the same.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	They will both have either arches, loops, or whorls. That is how they will be the same.	1
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	By comparing the 2 prints.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	You look real hard to see that either their toes are separated or they have print on them.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	Identify them with a magnifying glass and see if they are the same.	1
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	If you discover if the dogs have the something is a loop arch or a whorl for the dog.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	The finger texture, shape.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	Maybe they both have arches but not in the same way.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	By telling if it is a whorl a loop or an arch.	1
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	They came from the same kind of dogs.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	If they are the same dog.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	You can see the designs.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	You can tell if the 2 dogs' paw prints are the same if it is the same as exactly the same dog.	1
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	No 2 prints are the same.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	The dog's name will be on the paper so you know which dog it came from.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	You will compare the paw prints.	1
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	They have the same curves and shapes.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	If they have the same kind of arch, loop, or whorl.	1
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	You would be able to try the print.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	We cannot tell if they have the same fingerprint we cannot tell if 2 have the same fingerprint.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	You could scan both pieces of paper and look at the ridges and grooves in the prints.	1
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	I would look at them to tell.	0
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.	To put the tape on it and look to see if it is the same type.	1
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	By doing the steps that I told her.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	By the color when is changing color.	1
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	The pigment will separate.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	By looking at the vinegar.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	By looking at the paper and see if it ovals.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	She will see the different pigments.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	She will know the vinegar separates the permanent ink.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	It is not the same.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	It will have different colors on it.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	By looking at it when Sarah tries it.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	Because it is liquid.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	She will have to try it out.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	Just wait for 3 minutes.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	If she sees different colored pigments.	1
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	She would see if there is different pigment in the color.	1
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	She will put vinegar on the permanent ink to see if it will spread.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	She will not because the ink will not separate.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	It be better than water.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	You will see the ink spread on the paper.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	If Sarah can see what of different colors that means it worked.	1
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	She will either see pigments or it will rise.	1
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	To do chromatography test.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	Because the washbowl ink will start to disappear and the permanent ink will not disappear.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	It will get blue and it will get dark or light.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	Because it will not do nothing and it will not wick.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	Because it will start to do like a mountain.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	To do chromatography tests.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	She just look and see if it changes.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	The ink would separate from the paper.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	She will know by looking at the color and she can tell because after a while the color will start to spread.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	She will know because the ink will be going up and down.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	If she tries it.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	Sarah will know if she watches it wick.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	Because when you put it in it wicks.	0
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	Sarah will know if there is different colors and if the moves up.	1
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.	If you see like colors that make the color, and even if it starts to wick.	1
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	You see people upside down and kite, cart, cow, buoyant.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	A heart.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	I see a lot of things that might look like paper it hit the mirror and it soon on the mirror.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	You will see the line of symmetry.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	You would see the same part of it.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	You would see the object.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	You would see the other side but it would be in the mirror.	1
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	I would see the figure then I would see the line of symmetry.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	You would see the whole shape.	1
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	If you looked in a mirror you would see your image.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	I will see a bunch of lines.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	Something on the flat object.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	The complete object.	1
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	You would see a flat object.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	It could be up and side.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	It make the object seem whole.	1
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	You could see the roof and on top of you.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	You have to put mirrors around it.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	It will see like a pattern or you can see more and more.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	The other and the same side of the object.	1
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	I would it going further and further.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	You would see another object in that object or other shapes.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	The other part of that shape of the flat figure.	1
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	The other half of the object, because the mirror would see that object and make another one.	1
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	The opposite of the side you are looking at.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	You would see what it is reflecting.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	The reflection of the object.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	You would see the opposite face of the shape.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	You will see light or another one of it or reflex.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	You would see the same object.	1
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	The opposite thing that was on the paper.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	The same object.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	By looking with a mirror or something else.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	I would show the same thing so it would look like one whole piece.	1
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	You would see the ceiling when it is on a table.	0
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.	You would see the object. But the object looks like it was flipped.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Trace the model onto the overlay grid. 4. And copy the overlay grid onto the smaller grid that is in your notebook.	1
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. And trace it but make it littler.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Copy it in the journal. 4. Draw any boundaries that you need.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Trace the grid with a marker on the overlay grid. 4. Color the smaller grid.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Draw your model on the overlay grid. 4. Draw it.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Trace every detail to the overlay grid. 4. Make the drawing of the overlay grid on the smaller grid with the same coordinates.	1
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. And trace it the into your book. 4. And a key.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Then trace it. 4. Then add detail.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Do not put so much detail. 4. He can put on side on 2 pages and the other on the other 2 pages.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Copy it to his grid. 4. Copy that to the notebook.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Put a compass rose on the map. 4. Trace the grid on the notebook.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Then trace the model. 4. You draw the map like the overlay grid.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. The trace the things like the places. 4. The draw the thing on where it is.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Copy all objects from a bird's eye view. 4. See what square has what in it and copy it in the same square on the smaller one.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Trace over with a marker or Sharpie. 4. Color it.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Measure your photo and your notebook. 4. Then draw everything smaller onto your notebook paper.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Copy the thing under the grid on the grid. 4. Actually draw it.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Trace over the objects on the model. Only trace the outline of the objects. 4. Redraw the traced figures on your small grid.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Label the places on the grid. 4. And label them and then color them.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Trace the structures onto the overlay grid. 4. Look at the smaller grid and draw the structures in the notebook.	1
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Get a writing utensil. 4. Trace the model.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Copy the pitcher onto the grid paper. 4. Make a little model that could maybe be flat then pop up.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Put everything on scale and draw a map. 4. Draw the map to look like the previous one.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Draw everything on the big map on the overlay grid. 4. Copy the drawings from the overlay grid on to the grid on your notebook paper.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. He can get a smaller picture of his neighbor.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Draw where everything is, on the overlay. 4. Try to copy the exact locations as the higher grid on the smaller grid.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Use the blocks and draw the picture on the blocks of the overlay sheet. 4. Draw what you have on that sheet you just did in your notebook.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Trace over with marker on overlay. 4. Then draw what is on your overlay in pencil in your notebook.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. See how much square cubes on the overlay grid fit in the photograph. 2. Count how much fits in the smaller cubes.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Then draw all of it on the grid. 4. Then fix all the little problems with it.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Then you use a marker to trace the items on the map. 4. Do it again then color what you did.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Draw a overlay grid. 4. Draw a map grid.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Draw what it looks like from the top. 4. Make the neighborhood buildings and other object smaller.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Put something on the sides of the grid to hold it down. 4. Then color it.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Draw it smaller than it really is. 4. Take a farther away picture so it is small enough so it can fit in your notebooks.	0
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.	2. Trace the neighborhood. 4. Transfer it.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	Like a small river getting big, deltas are formed when a regular river is out to a ocean or lake. Over time the water will erode the mouth into a fan shaped deposit.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	A river rock earth motional with it and deposits it at the mouth. There is forming a delta.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	Deltas are earth materials that are carried away by the river and settle.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	A delta forms at the mouth of a river when earth material is carried away in a river.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	They come from water and water just keeps on building up.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	A erosion happen and over the time it forms.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	The depositions collapsing into them.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	It forms by a deposit of earth materials at mouth of a stream or river.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	Deltas are formed because the water takes the sand to the end of the river where it piles up and forms a delta.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	Delta forms by water or a river.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	Delta is formed because the mouth is full of water or melted ice.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	It is formed by a mouth of river of stream.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	It is formed by amount river or stream.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	Deltas form by depositions with water.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	A deposition at the mouth of the river.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	A delta is formed when water is deposited.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	Delta is form by different kinds of rock and gravity.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	I pick gravity because gravity is like process.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	It forms with gravity because it is like metal and plastic.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	By earth materials moving then stopping where the delta is.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	By running water.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	A canyon is formed and the water pushes the dirt and other materials into a fan shape.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	Deltas are form by erosion and deposition.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	Earth materials are carried by water and dropped under the water settling at the bottom of the river.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	Deltas are formed by deposition that is when earth materials are carried away then let off at another place to form a delta.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	Deltas form when water is run over a plateau for a long period of time and when the water runs somewhere else, that place where it runs out is a delta.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	A delta forms whenever a river picks up dirt, sand and clay and carries them to the mouth of the river were it is weakened so it drops the materials and forms a delta.	1
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	Deltas are formed by water carrying earth materials and not have enough force to push the materials so it lets the materials go.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	It forms when a river goes to a larger part of water and it leaves particles behind.	1
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	Sand gets carried away by the river and settles at the mouth and forms a delta.	1
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	A delta is formed when flowing water pushes sand to opposite sides forming a delta.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	Deltas form by rivers flowing and pushing sediment to the side.	0
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).	Deltas form by water running over it.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	The clay is like wet sand and it is by the river.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	Because once the clay is picked up it is moved and dropped off outside of the mouth.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	It will end up there because clay can be broken up into such tiny parts or sediments that it is easily carried by the water and will end up probably the farthest out in the lake.	1
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	The clay is deposited there because it is lighter so it travels farther and spreads out more.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	The deposited where I indicated because clay is a lot heavier than sand and pebbles.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	Because clay is a bigger.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	Because clay is heavier than sand so it travels farther.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	Clay deposited where I indicated because the clay is the lightest in this case.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	Because it is so light.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	Because when we did our stream table experiment the water and clay mixed and the water and the clay flowed together.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	The clay is in the river because the clay mixes in with the water.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	It is heavy so I thought it would drop off quick.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	It is deposited the farthest because it is lighter than the other ones.	1
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	Because sand is heavier and since the sand is heavier it would go down from clay and there is a bigger amount of sand too.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	Clay is where I indicated it because clay is the lightest material so it travels the farthest.	1
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	It was deposited because it begins to settle to the bottom because the channel is slowing its current.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	The clay is deposited where I indicated because the river has brought the clay in the lake.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	It is deposited because the water, river is taking it away with it.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	The clay goes the farthest because it has the least particles.	1
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	The clay is deposited where I indicated it because it is heaviest so it will not go as far.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	The clay is lighter so it is carried farther.	1
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	The clay is there because it has lighter and smaller particles which makes it float to the top.	1
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	Because clay is the lightest.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	The clay is deposited there because the clay is the lightest and everything else is heavier so it sinks.	1
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	It is deposited there because it is lighter than sand and pebbles.	1
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	Very near to the mouth of the river.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	The clay is very light so it can be carried farther than the sand and pebbles.	1
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	The clay is deposited there, because the clay has the least amount of mass so it will go farther.	1
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	The clay is deposited where I indicated because the clay has the lesser mass so it is can be carried the farthest.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	It was deposited there because it has a lesser mass and therefore is carried farther than all of the other earth materials.	1
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	The clay is where I indicated it because it is the one that gets pushed out the farthest.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	Clay is lighter than sand or pebbles so it would be easier for water to carry it farther.	1
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	The clay is deposited where I indicated because it is the lightest.	1
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	The clay deposit is farther because of its light weight.	0
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.	The clay is indicated where I put it because clay is soft and lines are soft too.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	The river dries as it gets to the mountains.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	It flows that way because you cannot make a river flow uphill.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	Because it starts between a valley and mountains and goes the opposite direction.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	Because it flows down from the mountains.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	I think the water flows that way because it is going from happy valley to the river.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	Why is that the water flows down away from the mountain.	1
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	Because it is big at beginning then slowly gets smaller and branches out.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	Because it goes happy valley then the river.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	Because it does not go into the mountain.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	The river flows from biggest to smallest. That is why.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	Because rivers sometimes end in valleys.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	The delta.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	Because the water flow to the basin which is the rose mountains.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	It flows in that direction because the water is going high land to low land.	1
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	Maybe because the mountains are that way, or there are cracks and the water goes through.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	Because the mountain is the highest peak and water flows downhill.	1
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	I think that because the water flows down from the mountain first.	1
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	Because there are little slots that take them that way.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	I think it flows that way because rivers usually flow from valleys into mountains.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	I think the water flows in that direction because the river is still trying to find the easiest route.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	Because the earth's gravitational pull.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	Because the river leads to an open delta.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	It flows in that direction because the mountain usually carries the water down the side of the mountain.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	I think the water flows in that direction because water cannot flow uphill.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	Rivers usually flow through valley. It grow weaker at the mountain because it cannot go uphill.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	There are other little streams at that end that was formed by water.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	Rivers cannot flow up mountain and valleys cannot be on mountain so it is flowing towards happy valley.	1
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	I think that way, because the water will flow down the mountain, not up it.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	All the streams flow together forming one bigger river.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	I think this because the stream is getting wider as it goes on.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	Because that is downhill.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	I think it flows there because the river eroded the valley and the water would be flowing down the valley.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	The river gets the water from the mountain and takes it to happy valley.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	I think the water flows in the direction because that is where the crack is.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	I think flows in that direction because it starts small and it gets bigger.	0
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).	I think the water flows in that direction because water cannot flow up a mountain.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	It depends on if it has a slope or no slope.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	A flood will make the creek overflow faster and will make more damage.	1
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	It flows faster and carries lots of birdie.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	With normal water flow there is not as much water than a flood.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	The flood water rises and goes really fast picking up sand and dirt.	1
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	Water flows with a lot more force normal water goes a lot less fast.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	They both create erosion.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	During a flood the creek's volume will increase greatly, the water will run faster, and there will be mudslides, compared to normal water flow, which is constant and steady, and erodes less.	1
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	It will flow fast and crazy, but with a normal one it floods slow and calm.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	The water flow in a creek during a flood is different from normal water flow because the water during a flood would flow more rapidly than the normal flow.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	The difference between a flooded creek and a normal creek is water level and water pressure.	1
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	During a flood, the water flow is faster and heavier.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	The water goes faster and the water gets higher and it start to overflow.	1
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	The water flows quickly during floods and also the water is high and normal water flows pretty calm and is not usually as high as water is during floods.	1
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	The water in a chart is much higher during a flood and it goes faster.	1
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	The water rises and starts getting wavy and out of hand.	1
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	In a flood it would spread farther.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	In a flood the water flows faster than in normal water level.	1
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	A creek usually flows slowly and floods usually flow quickly.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	It flows faster because of the water current pushing the other one.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	It will flow faster and might swerve off track.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	The writer in the flood goes faster and more water comes out at once.	1
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	The water would flow much faster and rise above the marshes. During a normal day the water would not be moving very fast and if would not be over the marshes.	1
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	When there is a flood the water flow is much faster. It is also stronger.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	It flows faster.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	The water flows a lot faster during a flood compared to the speed flowing during a normal flow.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	It overflows in a creek and a lake on river.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	In a flood the water would be moving stronger and faster than usual.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	Flood water has a great velocity and force.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	The water overlaps the area around the creek during a flood.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	The water goes out of its channel. The water speeds up.	1
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	The water in the creek during a flood will flow much harder and faster causing more and more erosion compared to water flow without creek.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	It is compared to different speed a flow patterns.	0
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	The water flows in a faster range than normal because there is more water.	1
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.	The water flow in a creek during a flood compared to normal water flow is the same.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	The minutes and seconds of when the events happened.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	What time everything happened.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	Whether it is slope or not.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	That how much is the land that moved.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	The information I got from the stream table but not from the stream tables are when earth materials slump and hole under the water source.	1
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	What the who form.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	More info of the experiment.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	When the event happens and time between them.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	On the stream table logs show when each event happened on the map show where each events looks like.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	You can get information and time of how fast where and how.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	Clay sand pebbles.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	What time something happened.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	In a log it tells how is the canyons, deltas, erosions are happening at times. And it shows what the important times are there.	1
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	On the stream table log I got the times of everything.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	When important events happened.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	You get from a stream table log is a log that tells main events in a certain time and not from a stream table map.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	You get the time in which things happened.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	You get what time an important event happened.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	You can see when all the important happened.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	You get a chart telling you what happened during the time periods.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	You get to see how long it took.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	They explain it in words instead of using pictures.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	The time the erosion and deposition happens.	1
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	You can see what time the events occurred.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	The information I get from the stream table logs that I do not get from the maps is how long it took for it to form.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	Elapsed time.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	The information that you get from stream table logs rather from stream table maps is a log showing you the events of how the slope started from beginning to end.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	What you get from the logs are the times.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	Stream table logs show time while maps do not.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	The information you get is that you do not see the hole in the materials sand.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	You cannot see in the maps, the time where the things happen.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	The time it happens.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	The information that you do get is what happens and what form.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	The information I did not get from the stream table logs that I did not get from the stream table maps was the events in order of time.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	The information you get from a stream table log that you do not get on a stream table map are the keys that tells you what is what.	0
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.	Is that the stream table log is much straight and more details.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	It so it better to hike. A has more lines.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	It is more descriptive.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	So you know what part of the mountain is the easiest part to climb and it has more details.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Because it has more description.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Because it is easier to read! And there is more information on it.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Because it tell where you are going.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Because a topographic map shows you if a place is going to be steep it also shows you what other roads or rivers to take well in other words it gives you more detail.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	To see a bird's eye view which is better view than looking from land.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Because it has more and more direction to go.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Because it need to walk a little be that is why I think she recommend to her.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Because it would tell you where it is more steep and the elevation and the other one will not.	1
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	So they can see which is steep or not and safe.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Because it is a faster distance from the bottom.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Because she walled know now the side where and how steep they are and elevation.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Because a topographic map shows the steeps places and where is the best or dangerous place to be and the lines tell you where you are going like if you going around in circles.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	I would think A because it shows the lakes and rivers and more details of it is location. Plus it shows the symbols of what is there.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	So you would see the steep sides like 5000.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Because it gives better directions and trails.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	It has more details and they show other paths beside just her's.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Because both the maps show the shapes of the landforms but a topographic map shows elevation and steepness.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Pam's friend recommend Map A because you could see the elevation, and see where things are.	1
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Pam's friend recommended the topographic map because it shows the elevation of the mountain they are hiking.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	It shows the contour lines so they will know how steep the trail is. Also they will recognize the shape of the land.	1
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Pam's friend recommended to use a topographic map for the hike because in a topographic map you can see the profile of something which profile is a side view.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	She would because it has more information.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	They recommended it so they could see the steep parts, they are route, elevation, and shape.	1
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Because it shows more directions and ways and it shows more places and more rivers.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Because it is like bird's eye view and so if you look top to bottom you will see almost every detail.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	She recommended it because it informs them how many feet it increases. Also it shows you more locations so they know if they cross someplace they have gone too far.	1
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Pam's friend recommended using the topographic map because you can see which side of the mountain is the steepest. That way you know where the non steep side. Also it snows rivers.	1
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Pam's friend recommend using the topographic map because it has more information.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Pam's friend recommend the topographic map so she can tell which side is steeper. It also shows the elevations for the height.	1
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Because she will know the elevation and which side is steeper.	1
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	Because it shows where rivers and lakes are. And it shows mountains and elevation.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	It tells you where things are.	0
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.	To see the different landforms in front of them.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	As the contour lines get closer the mountain side gets steeper.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	The lines are close together.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	You can tell because it is at the top and it is 5000.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	Because the contour lines are closer than the others.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	I can tell because the contour lines closer.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	S because it is closer together.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	It is steeper because it is below sea level.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	Because it looks like it is going further down than the others.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	How do I know it is the steepest because the lines are closer.	1
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	I know because Q is at the bottom of the map.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	Because the line is closer.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	Because it has a line in it and probably it is a valley or something.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	Because the contour lines are close to each other.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	Because you can see that her lines has the top and it is steeper.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	Because it is in the middle and it is steeper.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	Q is the steepest part of the map the line is close together.	1
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	Because Q is moving like a snake and it is hard to go swirl like this.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	Q. Because the contour lines are closer together to make it steeper.	1
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	Because it curves going up the mountain.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	Because the contour lines are closer together than the other R and S.	1
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	Because the elevation increases and does not decrease.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	I know because the contour lines are closer together.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	Because the lines are closer together.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	The land lines are close.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	The lines are closer together.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	Because it is the straightest part.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	The contour lines are closer together.	1
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	I know because the contour lines are closer together.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	I know it is the steepest part because the contour lines are closer together.	1
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	The contour lines are close together.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	I know it is the steepest part of the trail because the lines are the closest together.	1
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	Because the contour lines are closer.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	Q because the place it is located.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	Q is on the steepest part of the trail. I know this because the lines are closer together.	1
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	The contour lines are close together.	0
The contour lines are closest together at Q.	I know it is the steepest trail because the lines are close together.	1
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	Earth material get deposited and forms a delta.	1
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	It goes to a different place.	1
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	Earth material gets deposited to another place.	1
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	They go to a different place.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	The materials like burst away.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	The earth materials that were weathered away by the erosion flow farther in water or just move away from where they were.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	During deposition earth materials are moved to different places.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	The eroded earth materials during deposition get deposited to a different area.	1
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	The earth material gets worn away.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	The earth explains the and it will but it will explode.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	What happens to it is that the deposition goes more far away from the stream table.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	The earth material will break into little pieces.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	First, erosion wears all the materials away. Then, deposition makes a v shaped valley.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	They go to the mouth of river and deposits there.	1
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	The socks, sand, and clay start to make a bigger canyon.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	The earth materials are carried away and dropped off at the end.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	The earth materials get carried away during deposition.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	Earth materials get carried away.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	During deposition earth materials would get carried away to a new location.	1
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	Earth materials are washed away and settled to the bottom.	1
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	Earth materials are washed downstream and then start to build up land.	1
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	Deposition is when earth materials move from one.	1
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	They are dark in new places.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	The earth materials that have been eroded is deposited at the mouth of a river or stream forming a delta.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	It is placed and left in deltas and riverbanks.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	After deposition earth material is carried out to river banks. Deltas form and into the ocean.	1
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	The earth materials were broken down and separated.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	During deposition the materials are getting washed downstream and when the river comes to an opening they get deposited.	1
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	During deposition earth materials get deposited into other places.	1
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	The wearing down of earth material which will deposited.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	During deposition earth material settles to the bottom of a river.	1
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	They are carried and stack upon each other and settle to the bottom.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	The earth materials is get carried off to the mouth of a river.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	During deposition earth materials are moved to a different place.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	What happens to earth material during deposition is that the materials are worn away from the earth.	0
Earth materials settle out during deposition.	During deposition earth material is deposited it formed deltas, a canyon, and a channel.	1
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	40, Because between each is 20 and if you times 20 twice you will get 40.	1
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	40, C is next to B so you add 20 meters to the elevation contour line band A.	1
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	40 meters, The contour interval is 20 meters.	1
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	225, You keep adding 75.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	Because it is the its spread apart.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	60 meters, Because it said the change in elevation from line A to B is 20 meters so that lets me know to count by 20 meters.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	40, Because it is 20 thought A to B and B to C.	1
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	283 meters, Because A is higher.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	45, Because you can tell by the lines.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	25 meters.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	30 meters, I measured with my fingers that C was half of B, and since B is 20 and half of that is 10 I added both of them together and got 30 meters.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	360, big the line of the A, B, C, D.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	C, Because it said the change in elevation for A and B was 20 meters and since it 20 they might be counting by 20's so that is my answer.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	40, because if it is like then to get to C just add another 20 meters.	1
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	30, well because if A and B equals 20 meters and B true C looked like 10 more meters and I think is 30 meters.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	30, I know because A and B is 20 meters and B to C is about 10 meters and it is almost close together.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	30, because if you could change A on B so you A and C.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	40 meters, now I know is if A to B is 20 meters than A to C is 40 because you add another.	1
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	A, they are closer to each other.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	40 meters, Because the contour numbers or lines are counting by 20 meters.	1
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	60 meters, you are just doubling it.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	60 meters, I labeled them. I also knew C is the third letter in the alphabet so I counted by 20 3 times.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	30 meters, Because if you look at A and then C. C get a lower amount by subtracting.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	40 meters, I know this because A to B is 20 meters and the next contour line is another 20 meters away it must be 40 meters.	1
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	Feet, because it has a great space between.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	40 meters, I know this because the contour interval is 20 meters.	1
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	40 meters, each line goes up 20 meters.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	40 meters, It is counting by 20's, 0, 20, 40, 60.	1
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	40 meters, It is on an accurate scale.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	30, I halved what A and B was.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	40 meters, I know this because contour intervals do not change and 20 plus 20 equals 40.	1
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	50 meters, It is double the length of B plus 10 meters.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	23 meters, I know because all you do is draw a line to line C.	0
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	40 meters, I know because the distance between contour lines do not change.	1
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	40, I know because the distance between every line is 20, since 20 plus 20 equals 40.	1
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.	40 meters, I know because the contour line is 20. So since A and B is 20 add 20 more.	1
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	Because if you make them flatter it might take a while but if you make it steeper it might be easier.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	If you use a bigger hole more water come out at once like a raging river, if the slope is steeper the water will push through the earth material faster.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	Because they both are stronger, flows harder and flows faster than the rest.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	The happen when you do the experiment.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	I chose these choices because the bigger hole would work because more water would make earth material wear away faster. I think the slope flatter the water would come down really fast.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	Because there all can go steeper.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	I think these will cause more erosion because with a bigger hole more water and with the slope steeper more faster.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	Because I saw it.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	Because too much water comes and because it needs to be steeper so not much water comes.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	Because if we use a source with a bigger hole it will drop faster and makes it slope steeper.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	Because slope because make thing steeper and.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	The water pressure will be harder, so if that happens it will create a bigger canyon and delta. Erosion.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	Because when you use a bigger whole the canyon is deeper and when you have a slope all the water forms a canyon.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	If you make a bigger hole then the water will be faster and erosion will too. And if you make the slope steeper then the erosion will become bigger and wider.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	Because we did not experiment like that and it worked it did the same thing we marked.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	I chose the ones I did because you the water to flow not slower.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	Why a bigger hole makes more erosion is because there is more water coming at once. The reason to make the slop steeper is so the water will go much faster.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	More water can cause more erosion because so much water is flowing through at a time. Also a steeper slope because the water will flow a lot faster.	1
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	Steep slopes can have landslides, faster water can gush. To be a flood plus massively erode.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	If you use a water source with a bigger hole, more water will come out which will cause erosion. If you make the slope steeper, the water will run down faster.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	The erosion will happen faster because the flow of the water is stronger and faster so the material will be worn down more.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	I choose water source with a bigger hole because the more water the more momentum to destroy. I chose a slope because the water will travel fast.	1
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	A bigger water hole would allow more water to come through faster. Making the slope steeper and water would run through faster.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	More water will make it faster to erode, a steeper hill will make it go faster down hill.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	Well, they change the way erosion goes faster or lower and if it slides or not.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	My house because more erosion because it is a greater mass.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	So everything would happen quicker and better.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	My choices cause more erosion because with a bigger hole more water comes out faster and when the slope is steeper the water goes down faster and very powerfully.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	My choice increases water speed and the faster something is going the more it can hold.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	Because the more water going at a faster pace because of the slopes will cause more erosion because gravity will help slope.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	If the hole is bigger that will cause a flood. More water the more velocity causing more erosion. Also if make the slope steeper that will cause the velocity to be greater causing more erosion.	1
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	My choices cause more erosion because if you have a bigger hole more water can pour through and if the slope is steeper water will come down harder.	0
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	They cause more erosion because there is more water flowing out the hole making a flood and when it is elevated it makes the water move faster moving more sediment.	1
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	Making a bigger hole causes more water which makes it flow faster causing more erosion. Also having a steep slope makes water flow faster causing more erosion.	1
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.	A bigger for the water's source and cause erosion because there is more water than usual. Then if you have a steeper slope it will cause the water to flow faster than usual.	0
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	They both relate because one equals the other for a answer.	0
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	They both help the scale by weighing the load.	0
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	The farther away the effort is the easier it is to lift the load.	1
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	Its distance 15 centimeters.	0
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	The further the effort, the less effort is needed. The closer the effort, the more is needed.	1
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	The farther away from the fulcrum the less effort is needed and the closer to the fulcrum the more effort.	1
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	The closer the effort is to the fulcrum, the harder it is to lift the load.	0
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	Joule equals force times distance.	0
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	The closer the effort is to the fulcrum the more effort it would take but the further the effort would not be as much.	1
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	When the effort gets farther away from the load the weight of the effort decreases.	0
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	When effort far from the fulcrum the load gets lighter.	1
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	The farther away the effort is from the fulcrum the greater advantage you get.	1
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	The further the fulcrum lever is, closer it is the less it weighs.	0
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	The farther it is the easier it is.	1
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	When you move the effort further away the effort increases, when you move it in the effort decreases.	0
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	As you move out it is easier.	1
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	The relationship between the amount of effort required and its distance from the fulcrum is as the effort increased distance from the fulcrum the effort needed decreased.	1
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	The farther the effort is from the fulcrum the less effort is needed.	1
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	The farther away from the fulcrum the effort decreases.	1
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	Instead of going it went down.	0
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	Can be use of the amount to lift the load and to adjust the lever and load.	0
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	The closer the scale more effort is needed to lift the load.	0
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	As the effort gets farther from the fulcrum it is easier to lift the load.	1
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	The farther away from the fulcrum less effort is needed.	1
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	The relationship is the farther over the effort is the harder it is to lift.	0
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	It is easier to lift when the load is closer to the fulcrum.	0
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	The closer the load is to the fulcrum the less Newtons. The farther away from the fulcrum the load is the more Newtons.	0
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	The farther away the effort is from the fulcrum the less effort it takes. The closer the effort is to the fulcrum the more effort it takes.	1
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	It is harder to lift when the load is far from the load.	0
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	The distance matters in this experiment. The closer the effort is to the fulcrum, the more effort it takes to lift the fulcrum.	1
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	When the load is closer to the fulcrum it is easier to lift.	0
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	The farther away the effort is from the fulcrum the easier it is to lift the load.	1
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	The further away the effort is from the fulcrum the easier it is to pull.	1
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	It takes more effort the farther away the load is from the fulcrum.	0
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	When it was closer it was harder and when it was farther away it was easier.	1
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.	If the fulcrum is too close to the effort or the other way around it is harder. Same thing with the fulcrum and the load. It is harder to move it.	0
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	It is harder to use this system than to use a single fixed pulley system.	0
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	You have to pull up and in the other system you will pull down.	1
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	The system is single movable system but the single fixed is easier to pull down.	0
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	Pull down.	0
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	It has direction advantage it can go up and down.	1
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	In a single fixed gravity creates a directional advantage. But in this one gravity pulls against you when pulling up.	1
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	You have to pull more ropes and a single fixed requires more effort.	0
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	You have to use more effort because you pull down.	0
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	The amount of ropes supporting it.	0
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	Single fixed pulley system a smaller effort and only one mechanical advantage.	0
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	Single fixed only has one rope connected to the load.	0
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	There are more materials.	0
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	You do not have to pull much rope with the single fixed but it is heavier.	0
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	The other disadvantage to this system is the effort is going up, so gravity is working against you.	1
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	The disadvantage is distance in this one and in a single fixed it is that the load's weight stays the same the whole time.	0
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	This system would take longer to set up.	0
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	Another disadvantage would be you have to pull more rope to get it where you want it to go.	0
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	The effort is going up which makes it harder.	1
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	You would have to pull 3 times as much on this than you would a single fixed. Also, it is easier to pull down than up.	1
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	You have to pull up. It may give you mechanical advantage, but it does not give you directional advantage so it takes just as much work.	1
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	Single fixed you can pull down, which does not give you a mechanical advantage. But you do not pull the rope farther than the load.	1
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	This pulley system gives you a mechanical advantage the single fixed gives directional advantage.	1
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	Distance.	0
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	Another disadvantage might be that you cannot lift the load as high as you can in the single fixed because you are using more string.	0
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	You have to pull twice as much rope to lift the load.	0
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	A mechanical advantage. A single fixed pulley gives you a directional advantage.	1
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	Another disadvantage might be the size of the load. 360 newtons is quite a large load to be pulling upward!	1
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	You have to use less effort.	0
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	Compared to a single fixed pulley system, you would not have a directional advantage.	1
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	You do not have a directional advantage.	1
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	You have to pull up on this pulley system. On the single fixed you get a directional advantage.	1
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.	This system has a directional disadvantage and the single fixed has a mechanical disadvantage.	1
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	If it is iron it will stick if it is aluminum it will not stick.	1
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	It will be made of iron if it sticks to a magnet.	1
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	The magnet will stick to iron not to aluminum.	1
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	If it is iron it will stick.	1
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	I will stick or not stick.	0
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	It will stick to iron.	1
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	By testing it with a magnet and it will stick if it is iron.	1
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	If the key sticks it is made of iron if it does not it is made of aluminum.	1
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	If it is iron the key will stick if it is aluminum it would not stick.	1
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	Aluminum will stick to a magnet.	0
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	If it were iron it would stick.	1
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	You could get something with magnitite in it and see if it sticks if it sticks you know it is iron if it does not stick it is aluminum.	1
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	Test it on a magnet.	0
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	The magnet will stick.	0
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	The key will stick if it is iron but if it is aluminum it will not.	1
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	You will put a magnet on it and see if it sticks.	0
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	If it is iron it will stick if it is aluminum it will not stick.	1
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	If the key sticks.	0
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	The magnet will stick.	0
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	If the magnet attracts or not.	0
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	You will know because the magnet will stick or not.	0
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	If the key is iron it will attract if it is not it will repel.	1
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	By sticking the key to a magnet and try it out.	0
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	If it attracts or drops when you let it go.	0
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	If the key attracts is iron. If it repels is aluminum.	1
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	You would find the answer.	0
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	It will stick to iron and not aluminum.	1
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	You can try it out altogether.	0
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	I will put it on a nail.	0
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	You will know because it will stick to a magnet.	0
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	Because if it sticked it was iron if it did not it is aluminum.	1
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	If it sticks then it is a magnet if it does not then it is not.	1
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	You can get a key and a iron nail and aluminum foil and see if it sticks.	0
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	If it repels aluminum if it sticks iron, attract.	1
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	I will know when it sticks or it repels.	0
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.	It will fall off the magnet.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	Because they are repelling each other always.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	The magnets are not touching because they cannot attract to each other if they are north to north or south to south.	1
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	The magnets will maybe not stick because the force of the magnets will maybe the pencil is long and the magnets cannot feel the other magnets.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	They are repelling.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	The magnets are on the side when they repel each other.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	They are on the same side.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	The rings do not touch each other because the magnets are facing positive to negative.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	They do not touch each other because one side of the magnet has a force and the other side stick to each other because they do not have a force.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	The magnets do not touch each other because either the north and north sides are facing each other or on the south and south sides are facing each other.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	The rings do not touch each other because the rings are magnets so they repel because 2 south and north facing each other.	1
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	Because the rings are magnets and they are facing each other on the same side.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	The magnets do not touch because the same poles are together so they all repel.	1
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	They do not touch each other because the force of magnetism is repelling them away from each other.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	The magnets do not touch because if you flip the magnet to the other side it will not stick because it makes them different.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	The rings are not touch each other because they are not facing the right way.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	The rings are made out of metal because they are repelling.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	The magnets are not touching because the magnetic force is making the magnets repel.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	They are not touching each other because they are repelling.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	Because they are not attracting.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	The magnets are not touching because they are flipped around a certain way that they do not stick instead they repel.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	They are not touching each other because either the North and North part of the magnets are touching or the south and south are touching.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	They are not touching because there are a north and south on a magnet and the north is facing the other north.	1
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	The north pole and another north pole are touching on the magnet or the south pole and south pole which makes them repel.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	Because the magnets have a north and south pole and if the north touches the north or visa-versa north the will not touch.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	The rings do not touch each other because if the magnets are not the right way they will repel.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	The rings do not touch because the magnets were facing the same way which makes them float.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	The rings do not attach each other because they are flipped upside down.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	The rings do not touch because the top is south pole is the one below it is the south pole. When the poles are north and south they attract.	1
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	The rings do not touch because the rings are just magnets and the magnets are on the repel side.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	They are not touching each other because they repel.	0
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.	Each magnet is pushing away from the magnet so they are attracting.	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	The car is made of iron or steel.	1
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	Cars have iron or steel in them so they might attract to the magnets.	1
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	If the car stops and waits a little while then the stoplight changes on the other side so the car can go.	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	It is iron or steel.	1
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	It stop the magnet.	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	It might hit the electricity to make it work.	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	The car is made of iron and steel and magnets only stick to iron or steel. So when the car stops it triggers the stoplight.	1
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	Cars are made of steel and steel is attracted to magnetism.	1
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	The car has iron or steel on it so the magnet sends a signal.	1
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	It triggers because the car is made of steel.	1
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	If the car goes over the magnet faster than 5 miles per hour it should turn green.	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	The car could be made of iron.	1
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	The metal of the tire rim or under the car or the outside of the car except the windows. Only if the metal has iron.	1
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	A car can signal the magnet to a light by a car stopping and the other moving.	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	So the cars can go.	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	It does that because the magnet in the light attracts to the iron on the car.	1
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	The car is made out of iron so they can attract.	1
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	It might be going too fast.	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	The pipes and poles under the car iron.	1
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	There could be a magnet under the ground maybe.	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	It does that because the magnet in the light attracts to the iron on the car.	1
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	What triggers it could be when something that is not magnetic like the North and South thing it does not attract!	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	Like a switch.	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	It is filled with magnet and iron and steel.	1
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	A box is on the side of the road and it sends a signal to the light.	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	It could send a trigger because the car is made of a type of metal and the magnet would attract.	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	The metal around a car.	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	The car hood can trigger the light to change.	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	When a car stops it will go to the next light.	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	It could attract both metal and then it could change the light.	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	The cars metal parts can attract the magnet which can trigger the light.	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	The metal on the car will try to touch together.	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	The light can stick to the magnet because it is a magnet.	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	By hitting the magnet and sending the force to the light.	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	The magnet can send a signal to the light because the magnet is controlling the light.	0
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.	It could trigger them by if everyone is gone.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	I think it would stick for a little bit depending on how long you hold the magnet to the nail because the nail becomes a temporary magnet.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	It would not stick because it did not have iron in it.	1
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	It would not stick because there is no magnet involved.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	It might because of the force might be strong enough.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	It would not stick because the ring does not have iron or steel in it.	1
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	It would fall because a brass ring is not made of iron or metal.	1
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	It would not stick because a brass ring is not iron or steel.	1
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	It would not go on the nail because a brass key has no magnetism in it.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	Fall off because they have no iron in them.	1
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	No because brass ring does not have iron in it.	1
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	I think it would not stick because it is a plastic and it cannot do that.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	It will not stick to the nail because of the brass ring is not made of metal.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	I do not think it would stick because a brass ring is not made out of iron.	1
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	I think it would not stick because it does not have any iron.	1
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	The brass ring would not have any iron in it so it would not stick.	1
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	I think the same thing will happen. The force will still flow through the nail.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	The brass would not stick because it is not made of iron.	1
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	I think the brass ring would stick because the paper clip would probably have enough strength to hold one more thing.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	I think the nail would stick to it because the nail will still have the magnetic force.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	If she touched it to a brass ring it would not stick because copper does not stick to a magnet.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	It would not stick and fall on the ground.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	The brass ring would not stick to the nail.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	No because brass does not stick to magnets.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	If Anne touched the nail to a brass ring what do you think would happen. It will not happen because the brass ring is not a proper steel like the iron nail and the steel nail.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	It will repel because brass is not iron.	1
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	It would repel because the brass ring is not iron.	1
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	It will because it is made with metal.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	It will not attract because brass is not magnetism so it will not stick.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	If Anne touched the nail to a brass ring it will stick to the nail just like the paperclip did.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	It will fall down. I find it.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	It will put up the ring I think in magnet.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	It would not stick because it is not magnetic.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	The reason why is because the brass ring is a temporary magnet.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	I think the nail will stick because the ring is made out of metal.	0
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	If Anne touched the nail to brass ring it would fall it would fall because it is not made of iron.	1
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.	It will not stick to it.	0
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No because a string is not made of iron or steel.	0
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	It would not work. It would have to be a wire to be able to work because it is not metal.	0
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No, because string is not made of metal and it cannot conduct electricity.	1
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No because it need to be made of metal to conduct electricity.	1
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No because the electricity will not go through the string because it has to be some steel or iron.	0
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	Because it will not let electricity through the string.	1
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No it is not metal.	0
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No because a piece of string is not a conductor.	1
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No, because Electricity can only go thorough objects that contain metal.	1
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No, It has to be a wire to connect. The wire has things in it to connect it.	0
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No because string cannot hold the electricity through it.	1
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No because it is not metal and it does not allow electricity to get through.	1
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No. The string is not made of metal.	0
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	You cannot because a piece of string is not steel metal or iron so it cannot go through.	1
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	You could not do that because the circuit would not make it.	0
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No, because it is made of thread.	0
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No because the string had not metal or iron.	0
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No, it will not work because you have to have some kind of metal to make it work.	0
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No it has to hook up to the D-cell.	0
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	You cannot because it is an insulator.	1
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No, because electricity does not flow through string.	1
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	It could not because electricity cannot go through sting.	1
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No, because a piece of string does not have electricity in it.	1
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No! You need another wire to connection.	0
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No, because it needs a path of electricity. It would need a wire.	1
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No, because it does not have a wire and it cannot get energy.	0
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No because a piece of string is not something made of wire and cannot carry electricity through that type of material.	1
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No, because it does not have any metal.	0
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	Yes and why is that up put in the 2 holes and the you can make electricity.	0
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No, because the electricity cannot flow through the yarn.	1
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No, you cannot. That is because it does not conduct electricity.	1
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No because you need to have a aluminum foil.	0
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	You cannot use a piece of string because it has no electricity in it.	1
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No because it is a String.	0
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	No because the string is not a wire.	0
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.	You cannot use a piece of string to make a connection because only aluminum, iron, steel and brass can.	1
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes because a piece of foil is not steel.	1
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes, because it is made of some kind of metal and it can conduct electricity.	1
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes the electrical well go through it is some kind of steel or iron.	0
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes because it lets electricity flow through.	0
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes it is metal.	1
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes because it is a conductor.	1
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes because that object can hold electricity throughout.	0
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	No, because it is not made out of metal.	0
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes because it has iron in it.	1
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes and no it has to have iron in it.	0
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes you can because it has metal conductors have to have metal in them to work.	1
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes because aluminum is a type of metal.	1
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes you can because it does have metal in it.	1
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	No because it will not let electricity flow and it is not metal.	0
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes you can because it is a conductor.	1
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes, because it has a little bit of metal in it.	1
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes you could because electricity could go through aluminum foil.	0
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes you could because the aluminum foil will go through the circuit.	0
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes because foil can very well convert electricity.	0
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	No, because it does not have electricity in it.	0
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes you could because it is a type of a conductor.	1
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes, because electricity can go through foil.	1
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	No, if you use aluminum foil it still will not work.	0
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	No you need a wire to make the connection.	0
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	You can try, but I think it would not work.	0
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	No, because aluminum foil still does not have a path of electricity.	0
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes because aluminum foil is different than string and foil is metal.	1
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	No, because aluminum is just like paper and paper cannot light up things either.	0
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	No, because it is not big enough.	0
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes why because aluminum is foil and foil is metal.	1
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes, because the electricity can flow through aluminum.	0
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes, you can. That is because aluminum is a conductor of electricity.	1
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes. Because aluminum foil is good conductor.	0
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Yes because aluminum foil is a conductor.	0
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	Why not it will not work because aluminum foil do not have no wire to go through.	0
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.	You can use a piece of aluminum foil because it will connection.	0
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	I chose it because all the wires have to be hooked together to make a circuit.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	I chose no because there has to be another wire connecting the 2 or you can use a switch.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	Because there needs to be another wire.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	Because it got half of it cut off so you cannot make it go back and forth.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	No because the circuit got cut off.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	It is not in a circle.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	I chose it because there needs to be more wires on the sign.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	To see if the energy goes through it or not to make a circuit.	0
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	It does not have the wire to make it a complete circuit.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	It is not a circuit at all.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	Because it is not flowing in a circle.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	I chose that answer because it is not a complete circuit.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	I chose it because the wire is not connected right to the D-cell.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	There is no source.	0
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	The wire cannot make the motor run.	0
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	Because the line are not connected.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	There is an open circuit.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	Because there is a no battery for the motor to work.	0
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	Because the is no D-cell.	0
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	I chose that answer because there is no battery.	0
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	No, because the circuit need to be connected on both sides.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	I picked that one because the line on the left is not hooked to anything.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	I chose that answer because it has a positive and a negative.	0
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	I chose no because it is not a complete circuit.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	I chose no because the circuit is not closed.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	I chose no because it is not a complete circuit.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	I choose that answer because there is no switch to turn it on.	0
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	Because it is not complete.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	No, because it is not a full circuit.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	Because it no a circuit.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	I chose that answer because it is not a complete circuit.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	It will not work because you have to have a battery or it will not work.	0
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	It will not work because it have a open circuit.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	It is an open circuit so it will not run.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	I chose that answer because one of the 2 ends are not touching.	1
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.	It is not a complete circuit.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	It is the only circuit that will work because the metal is touching the bottom and the wire is touching the bottom of the light.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	C because it is on the square part and on the round ball.	0
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	It is the only one because the wire is touching the middle and the battery is touching the side.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	It is touching all it need to make it to work.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	The electricity flows through the plus and the minus to a circle to the light bulb.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	Because the light is touching the battery.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	The electricity flow in a complete circle.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	It is because it is the only one that allows the electricity to go in a complete circuit.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	It has to run in a circle.	0
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	It is touching both sides of the battery and the light bulb.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	Because it is the only one that will form a complete circuit.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	The wires have to touch the light bulb so like a circle of air to light up the light bulb.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	Because there is a full circuit.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	Because the equal part is touching.	0
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	The negative and positive are on both parts of the battery.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	It will work because the circuit will go through the battery is because the force will go through the battery.	0
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	Because D is the only circuit that is touching the black dot.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	The wire has to touch both sides of the battery and the wire has to touch the middle of the light bulb.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	On the other there is connection with the D-cell with the light.	0
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	It is because answer D's wire starts below the light bulb.	0
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	The only circuit will work because the 2 wires are put in the right place.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	Because they are going in a complete circuit.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	Because it is the only one that is touching.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	D because it is touching the base metal.	0
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	It will work because it is the only one touching the light bulb base.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	Because the electricity goes to the metal and that electricity goes to the filament.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	Because the others are not complete circuits.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	I will work because electricity is going from the positive to the negative.	0
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	Why it is the only one is because sometimes you need 2 wires and how it is the only one it is connected to the bottom.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	Letter A is the right one because the wire have to touch the equal side and the light bulb.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	The charge of the positive negative is flowing to the bulb.	0
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	Because the negative is connected to the black part and the positive side is attached to the shiny part.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	Because the negative is connected to the black part and the positive side is attached to the shiny part.	1
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	Because the white thing is touching the negative side.	0
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	Because the shiny part and the wire is touching the black part.	0
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.	Because one side of the wire is touching the negative side of the D-cell.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	He could not because the 2 wires need to be touching.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	He can use the circuit by touching the wires to the object.	1
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	To see if the energy goes through it or not to make a circuit.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	Lee can touch the wire hangout and the meter will ran.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	The wire have to be together so it can work so if they out They cannot work.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	Put the 2 wires that are off the board and put them to each end of the object. If the motor runs it is a conductor. If the motor does not run it is an insulator.	1
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	He can by putting the 2 wires together.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	Touch the wires together.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	You can touch one wire on one end and the other on the other side to see if it will run or not.	1
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	He could get a piece of metal or iron and put it between the 2 wires and turn the switch on or you could put the 2 wires together and turn the switch on.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	By putting the object on the 2 wires.	1
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	He can put all the wires together to make a circle and have that run.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	You can touch those 2 wires together to contract electricity.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	Lee can put the object in the middle of the wires hanging down. Then you put the wires against the sides of the object.	1
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	It will work.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	By putting the wires together.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	He could get a light bulb and try it out or he could get another battery.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	You can turn it on.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	By connecting 2 wires together.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	He can use the circuit by seeing if the object does anything if it works it is a conductor if it does not then it is an insulator.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	Connect the 2 wires to a light bulb.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	He can use the circuit to see if it will start to work.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	He can put the 2 wires at the bottom of the picture together and the things will start to move.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	He can use the circuit to test the object because all he needs to do is put the ends of wire together.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	He can use the circuit to test the object because the circuit will help the thing do what it is supposed to do.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	He can use it by putting it to an object and see if the meter will run.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	Start putting the wires on something and see if the motor will go put it to a metal and it might make the motor go.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	The 2 wires from the switch board and the D-cell. You take the wires and put them up to something and if the motor run it conducts electricity.	1
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	He can put the 2 wires that are connected to the circuit and put it touching something.	1
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	You have to put the object between the 2 wires.	1
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	Lee can test some things on this objects and see if it works.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	Put it on something metal or a screw or a desk.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	You can put it between the 2 wires if it makes the motor work but if it does not then it is an insulator.	1
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	She can put the wire to the other half of the D-cell and the switch and make it work.	0
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.	To run the motor use metal, but fabric will not work on it.	0
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	The motor will run that is how you will know.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	He will know because the motor will run.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	He will know it is a conductor if the motor spins.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	It will conduct electricity.	0
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	He will know because the motor will come on if it is a conductor.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	Only if the motor works then is a conductor.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	If the motor starts running.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	If it runs.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	If the motor comes on.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	He will know that it will allow the flow of energy.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	Lee would know if is a conductor if it runs.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	He will know because a conductor is not glowing in a circuit.	0
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	You will know it is a conductor because the motor will run.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	If the objects a conductor the motor should run and electricity will be able to flow.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	If the motor runs.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	It will run or turn on if it is a conductor.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	He will know because the energy will flow in a circle and there will be a open circuit.	0
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	It will run.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	The object will go.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	If the light is on or off.	0
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	By doing what I wrote for the first part.	0
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	You will know because it will start to work.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	He will know the object is a conductor if the energy flows through.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	He will know if the object is a conductor because the motor will run.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	If the object is a conductor it will do what it is suppose to do.	0
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	To try it out and see if it is a conductor.	0
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	You will know if the motor runs.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	You will know if the motor turns on that it is a good conductor.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	He will know if the motor runs.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	If it runs.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	He can put thing on a D-Cell.	0
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	The light bulb will or the motor will make a sound.	0
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	The motor will work and that annoying buzz will come back.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	Check if is right or not.	0
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	He will know that if the motor runs.	1
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.	The motor will run.	1
The bulb will light.	The light bulb will not work.	0
The bulb will light.	Only the light will light.	1
The bulb will light.	Nothing will happen.	0
The bulb will light.	The light bulb will light up.	1
The bulb will light.	It is going to stop.	0
The bulb will light.	The light will come on.	1
The bulb will light.	The bulb will light.	1
The bulb will light.	Nothing.	0
The bulb will light.	The bulb will come on.	1
The bulb will light.	The motor will run.	0
The bulb will light.	The light bulb will run.	1
The bulb will light.	The light bulb will lit.	1
The bulb will light.	It will not work.	0
The bulb will light.	It will turn on.	0
The bulb will light.	The motor will run.	0
The bulb will light.	The light bulb will cut on.	1
The bulb will light.	I will start the motor and light.	1
The bulb will light.	When she moves the switch to the left the light bulb will turn on.	1
The bulb will light.	The energy will keep flowing.	0
The bulb will light.	If she moves the switch to the left everything will turn on.	1
The bulb will light.	The light will run.	1
The bulb will light.	The light bulb will turn on.	1
The bulb will light.	The light run.	1
The bulb will light.	The bulb will light.	1
The bulb will light.	The motor and light will run.	1
The bulb will light.	The light and motor goes on.	1
The bulb will light.	Only the light bulb will light.	1
The bulb will light.	The light will turn on.	1
The bulb will light.	If she moves the switch left the motor will not start and the light will not light up.	0
The bulb will light.	The light bulb would light up.	1
The bulb will light.	The light bulb will turn on.	1
The bulb will light.	The light bulb will work and the motor will work.	1
The bulb will light.	It would be a series.	0
The bulb will light.	Both of the receivers will light.	1
The bulb will light.	It will go off.	0
The bulb will light.	When the switch moves to the left, it will work.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	It will happen because that is turning the switch off or opening the switch.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	Nothing will happen because you have to have a switch in front of the negative side to have it work.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	That will happen because it will make a complete circuit with the bulb.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	Because the battery is hooked to the switch that why.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	It is completing the circuit, but the motor is not connected to a complete circuit, but the bulb is.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	Because it is not complete.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	This will happen because the switch is turning that way making a complete circuit.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	Because it makes a complete circuit.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	It is like turning on a light switch.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	That would happen because the bulb is on the left and the electricity will be flowing that way.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	It lets electricity go through.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	It will happen because electricity is flowing to the light bulb.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	That will happen because the switch will touch the wire and electricity will be able to flow.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	It will happen because the motor and the bulb are not connected on the same wires.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	It is a circle.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	She will make a circle.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	It will happen because right now it is a closed circuit, so if she moves it to the left it will be an open circuit.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	That will happen because there is an open circuit so the electricity will travel to the source.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	Well, it is going out too far, far enough to not work.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	It will happen because it is in a running place.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	It will happen because the switch is channeling the electricity to the light bulb.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	Because if she would just move the it will light up the light bulb.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	That happens because if you move it to the left she just closed that circuit.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	Because left is to turn on and right is to turn off.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	Because the D-cell is in the middle.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	If she move the battery back it will light up.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	That is one circuit.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	That will happen because the switch will be closed.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	Because it is closed and when it is closed it runs.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	I learned it in class.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	Because the bulb is not in a circuit.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	Because it could not be a parallel circuit.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	I think that because it is able to do that.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	Because it is on an.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.	It will because as long as there is a connection and it goes from the negative to the positive.	1
The motor will run.	The light bulb will work.	0
The motor will run.	Only the motor will run.	1
The motor will run.	The motor will start running.	1
The motor will run.	The motor will run.	1
The motor will run.	Nothing.	0
The motor will run.	The motor will run.	1
The motor will run.	The motor will turn on if she moves it to the right.	1
The motor will run.	The light bulb will light.	0
The motor will run.	The motor will run.	1
The motor will run.	The motor will start.	1
The motor will run.	The motor will run.	1
The motor will run.	The electricity is moving through the circuit.	1
The motor will run.	It will work.	1
The motor will run.	It will turn off.	0
The motor will run.	The bulb will light.	0
The motor will run.	The motor will work.	1
The motor will run.	It will cut off the light and motor.	0
The motor will run.	It will turn on.	1
The motor will run.	It will turn on.	1
The motor will run.	The motor will run.	1
The motor will run.	The motor will turn on.	1
The motor will run.	The motor will work.	1
The motor will run.	The motor and light goes on.	1
The motor will run.	The motor will only run.	1
The motor will run.	The light will turn off.	0
The motor will run.	It will work.	0
The motor will run.	The motor will go on.	1
The motor will run.	The motor will run.	1
The motor will run.	It will light up because everything will work if it is all hooked up.	0
The motor will run.	The motor will run.	1
The motor will run.	When the switch is moved nothing will work.	0
The motor will run.	It will stay the same it will be a parallel circuit.	0
The motor will run.	If you turn the switch to the right, the motor will run.	1
The motor will run.	It will come on.	1
The motor will run.	It will go on.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	It will work because that is closing the switch.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	It will be a closed series.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	It will not work because you have to put the switch in front of the negative sign.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	That will happen because it will make a complete circuit with the motor.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	Because it ends at the positive so it will work.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	It is a complete circuit and the bulb is not connected to that circuit, and the motor is.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	It is not complete.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	That will happen because it is a complete circuit.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	This will happen because the switch is turning that way making a complete circuit.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	Same as the light but it is switch to the other side.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	Because the light bulb is on the right.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	Because if the switch is to the right it allows energy to flow to the motor.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	It got closer to the motor.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	Because it makes a complete circuit.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	The energy will go in the motor and go back in the positive.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	That will happen because the most energy will flow through the motor because the motor is on the right.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	That happen because the electricity is flowing around in a circle.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	It will happen because the energy source is flowing right.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	The motor's circuit will be completed.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	The switch will be off.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	It will happen because the switch moved so it turns off another thing.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	It will happen because it is flowing in a circle.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	It is a circle.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	Because the energy still has a countless form of energy.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	She will make a circle.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	The switch is closer.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	Power goes to the motor then to the light.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	The switch is not turned to the left.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	That will happen because there is no battery.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	Because the D-cell is not in the middle.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	That is one circuit.	1
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	I learned it in class.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	Moving the switch to the motor will make it run.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	It will happen because it is strong.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	Because you turned it off.	0
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.	It can work if a wire is connected to the switch from the negative end.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	Yes because there is enough power for it to work but it will be bright and it is a parallel circuit.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	No she cannot. Why is because she only has one switch and she has to have 2 for both to work.	1
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	No. She cannot because the switch has to be in front of the negative sign.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	No, because the switch can only complete one circuit at a time.	1
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	Yes. Because it is a parallel circuit and they can both run well.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	No. The switch can only be hooked on one side at one time, unless you scooted the wires to the middle and hooked them up together.	1
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	No, It is not a complete circuit.	1
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	No because she need a wire and a switch.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	No, she cannot because the switch can only go one way and make a complete circuit.	1
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	No! The switch cannot be left and right at the same time.	1
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	No she cannot. She would have to turn the switch like this sideways Because there is a gap if you turn it left or right.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	No because the negative on the side for the bulb might have to have the energy from the motor going in and it will go back and forth.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	No because the light bulb will flicker and the motor will keep going until she turns the switch off.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	No because it cannot make a complete circuit going each way.	1
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	Yes because the motor is sending the energy back to the light bulb and back.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	Yes. She could put 2 wires on the switch to the other wires.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	Yes because the battery has enough power to run both unless the switch is on.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	No because the switch cannot go 2 ways at once.	1
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	Yes. But all will have to be together.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	No she cannot because she only has one switch.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	Yes because all she has to do is put the motor and the light bulb on the same wire and put the switch in the middle.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	She can do it but it would have to be a parallel circuit.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	Yes, we all tried it in class and it worked.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	Yes, because the wires are connected to both items.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	Yes she can because the flow will go all the way to the source.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	Well she could try the light would not work as strong as the motor.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	No she would need 2 switches.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	No, she would have to have 2 switches.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	Yes, because the flow of electricity will go to the light and then to the motor.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	No because she can only turn the switch to the light bulb or the motor.	1
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	No, because there is not going to be a closed circuit on both sides.	1
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	No Because she can turn one on at a time.	1
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	No because the D-cell in the middle.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	Yes.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	Yes she can. Because that is how you have to do it.	0
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.	She can run both at the same time because, if it is going to the negative and to the positive and all the components are set up correctly in the right way it will work.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	It will not get light because the negative is getting to the motor.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	It will not light because one wire has to go in one side and one wire has to go in the other.	1
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	There is not 2 wires for each little clip. There needs to be one coming from one clip and another coming from the other clip.	1
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	The bulb will not light because one of the wires have to touch the other clip.	1
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	Because the electricity is going to the motor.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	The bulb will not light because there is not enough electricity.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	It will not because there has to be a wire in each wire holder.	1
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	The cord from the battery is not on both sides.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	Because the bulb will not have enough energy because of the light bulb.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	Because the positive wire is taking the energy right away.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	Because, the electricity goes through the wrong way the second time.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	There are 2 wires that should not be there the motor wires.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	It going in a coil.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	The wires are not even.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	It is not connected properly because the wires are not connected properly on the motor.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	The bulb will no because the other wire is not connected.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	There is not enough energy.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	The battery does not have enough power or the power is not getting to the bulb.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	The motor is not running.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	It will not light because when the electricity cannot flow through the wires.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	The bulb will not light up because they are all not connected and this does not make a circuit.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	Because it is not in a circle.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	It is in both the same circuit.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	The light bulb needs both plus and minus to be on different parts of the holder.	1
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	It is not connected.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	More power goes to the motor.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	The wires are not connecting to the bulb.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	The bulb will not light because the positive and negative wires are hooked on the same hook.	1
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	It does not work because the wire are not propel on the spring thing.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	Yes even though it is not a complete circuit.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	No because both wires are on both place.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	Some of the wires are disconnect.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	It will not light because the bulbs wires are not connected to both sockets.	1
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	Because the motor got all the power.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	Because one side is hooked to the motor.	0
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.	The bulb will not work because the negative and the positive cannot go in the same way.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	The motors will not run because it goes from the positive side to the positive side it has to go from positive to negative to work.	1
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	It will not work because the positive is going to the positive end, the positive need to run into the negative side for it to run.	1
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	It is not put to series.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	Because it is hooked up negative to negative and positive to positive.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	It needs to be negative to positive.	1
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	It will not work because it is negative to negative, it has to positive to negative.	1
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	The batteries are negative to negative.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	It will not run because negative and negative and positive and positive are facing the same way.	1
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	Because the wires in between the D-cells are connected to the same end.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	It is go out the wrong way.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	The 2 negative ends of the D-cells are facing each other and the electricity cannot get out.	1
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	Both of the motors are hooked up to the positive wire, in order for it to work one has to be hooked to a positive and the other has to be hooked up to a negative.	1
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	They will not run because the electricity is going in a circle. And the electricity would be run in and out.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	The motors at the right will not run because the electricity flows out of the negative side and they have the D-cells trying to make electricity flow out the positive side.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	One battery is the wrong way.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	It will not run because there is not enough D-cells to make both of them work.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	Because a negative and a negative will not work.	1
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	The motor shall not run because electricity flows out of the negative side of the battery.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	The motors will not run because the D-cells has to be switched around.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	They will not run because the electricity gets stopped when it goes through the D-cells.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	The motors shown at the right will not run because 2 negatives are connected.	1
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	The wires are not supposed to be connected like that.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	Because you need more wires.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	Because the motors do not have a minus side. They both have a positive side.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	The motor at the right will not run because each one does not have a positive and a negative.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	Because positive is facing it.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	Maybe the left wire went out of energy so maybe the right one went out of energy so both of them are out.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	If you look very closely the positive to positive and negative to negative. Positive and positive do not go together.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	It will not work because it is dead battery.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	Because one has the most power than the other one.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	Because one D-cell has to be between the motors.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	The motor will not run because it is in an open circuit.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	The wires are at the negative end of the battery or D-cell so the motor is not going to run because the wire is at the negative end.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	The D-cell is hooked up to the negative end and the other negative end and it cannot get any energy.	1
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	The negative end is pointing at the negative end so no electricity can flow to the motors.	1
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	The negative end are sharing so the D-cell is getting all the power.	0
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	Because electricity does not flow from positive to positive they flow from negative to positive.	1
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.	The electricity is flowing from a positive to a positive end, when the negative should give the electricity to the motor and back to a positive end.	1
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor will still run.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor will burn out.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor will go out too.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor will still run.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	It would stay on.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	It would still work.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	It will run the same it is a parallel.	1
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor will keep going until the D-Cell runs out.	1
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor will stop running.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor will still run because it is a parallel circuit.	1
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	It will still run.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	Nothing will happen. It will still run.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	They both go out.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor will quit because it is in a series if one thing runs out the rest that are hooked up to it will not work.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor will stay on because the wire is coming out of the positive end and the back.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	If the bulb shuts off the motor will turn off because it is a series circuit.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor will stay on.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor will not work.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor will stop.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	If the light bulb burns out the motor will keep on going.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor will keep going.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor will still keep running.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor will still be running.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	There will be no electricity.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor will go out.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor will run.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	If the light bulb burns out, the motor will not work.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor will stop working.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	It would not work.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor will still work.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	Nothing will happen.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor will stop.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor will run.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	The motor is going to keep going when the light bulb goes out.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	It will still run.	0
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.	It will still run because it is not sharing a wire like a series does.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	The magnet magnetized the first one, then it a temporary magnet and then the next one.	1
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	He magnetized it for a minute.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	Because it lets magnetism through the paperclips.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	He was able to do that because the magnetism traveled through the paperclips.	1
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	The magnetism went through the first paperclip to the rest.	1
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	When you pick up a object that object acts like it is a magnet.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	Because if the magnet touches the one paperclip became a temporary magnet and when another paperclip hooked that other paperclip worked like a magnet.	1
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	The magnet's force go through the first paperclip to the last paperclip.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	When the first paperclip touched the magnet it became a temporary magnet that is what happened to each of the paperclips as it touched the one before it.	1
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	The magnet was turning the paperclips into temporary magnets.	1
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	It was possible because the magnetic force from the magnet ran through the first paperclip almost making that paperclip like a magnet so it was able to pick up more.	1
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	Kurt you were able to pick up that magnet because the energy of the first one was able to pick up more because of the energy.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	The magnetism is going through the paperclips.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	He rubs the paperclip on the magnet and it flow power through one, 2, 3 paperclips.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	Kurt was able to pick up all those paperclips because they are iron and magnetism can flow through iron.	1
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	It was able to pick up all the rest because the magnetism flow through the paperclips.	1
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	He is able to by letting the force go through the paperclips and making them all attract not repel because hand makes a repel and that is a magnetism of science.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	He was able to because the magnetism was going through the paperclip.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	Well it can do that because the florescent is flowing through all of the paperclips, that is why.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	The magnetism goes through the paperclip.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	The magnetism force flows through the paperclips.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	The magnet sends magnet through one paperclip to another.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	The magnetic force went through the paperclips.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	The magnetic force flows through all the paperclips.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	He was able to do that because the magnetic force flows through the paperclips and creates a temporary magnet.	1
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	The magnet made the paperclips stick on because the magnetism flowing through.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	The magnet has enough power.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	It picked it up because the paperclips was a magnet.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	The magnet hook all of those paperclips together because the magnetic electricity travels through the paperclips.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	The force went through the paperclips so that made it able to pick up all those paperclips.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	He did that because the magnet has a lot of power so it picked up on paperclip then that paperclip is a temporary magnet and passes the power.	1
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	The magnet has enough power to pick up more things. What happens is the magnetic field goes around and the clips sticks to clip and then that clips up another and so forth.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	They could pick up paperclips because the magnetism went through the paperclips.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	It is flowing though the magnet so it works.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	The first paperclips gets strong and give it to these conduct and they are one.	0
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.	The paperclip is attaching like a temporary magnet.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	The other 2 will still light.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	They will stay lit.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	Only the middle bulb will go out.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	They will stay light.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	Well first I think it is a series, so it will be a problem.	0
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	The other ones will work even better.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	All of them will go out.	0
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	They will still be burning.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	They bulbs will not go out.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	They will stay lit.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	They will stay light.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	The 2 other bulbs will run if the middle one burns out.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	Nothing will happen.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	The left bulb will still be lighting because the diagram is a parallel.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	If it is a parallel circuit it will stay lit. If it is a series circuit it will not stay light.	0
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	If one goes out then the 2 will stay on.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	The 2 bulbs will stay lit.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	The bulbs will stay lit.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	The rest stay on.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 will burn out also.	0
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	The other bulbs will stay on.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	The other 2 bulbs will stay running the whole time the circuit is closed.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	The other 2 will stay lit.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	If one burns out the rest will stay on.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	The other bulbs will stay on because it is a parallel circuit.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	The top bulb will still light up.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	The third will not burn out.	0
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	The other bulbs will still light.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	Nothing will happen.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	If the middle bulb burns out the 2 would burn out.	0
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	The bulbs do not burn out.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	It will still work.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	The light will still run.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	The 2 bulbs will still be lit when it goes out.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	They will all cut off.	0
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	If the middle one burns out the other will still light.	1
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	No.	0
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.	I think they will not go out.	1
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	It will happen because it is a parallel circuit not a series.	1
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	This will happen because the other 2 bulbs will have a its own pathway, and it is a parallel circuit.	1
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	Because it is a parallel circuit.	1
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	Because I think it is a series and series have to share and takes more power to form it.	0
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	Because there is only one D-Cell so 3 bulbs will definitely not work worse.	0
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	Because the bulb does not have its own path of electricity to flow.	0
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	That happens because it is a parallel circuit.	1
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	It happens because the 2 bulbs in the middle are connected together and they both are hooked to the wires.	0
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	Because the bulbs are in parallel circuit.	1
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	Because it is a parallel circuit.	1
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	Because it is a parallel circuit.	1
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	It happens because it is a parallel circuit.	1
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	That happens because the electricity is still going around the other 2 bulbs.	0
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	It stays lit.	0
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	That happens because just because one burns out does not mean the rest will and electricity can still flow.	0
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	That happens because they each have their own circuit.	0
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	It is a parallel circuit.	1
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	That happens because this is a series circuit. A series circuit means that if one bulb burns out they all do.	0
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	They will stay on because it is in a parallel circuit.	1
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	The reason is that the bulbs are in a parallel circuit.	1
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	That happens because it is a parallel circuit which means it should run as long as you do not open the parallel circuit.	1
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	It happens because if it is a cut off where I marked it they would still light.	0
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	Why, because it is a parallel circuit, and if one burns out they all burn out they all stay on.	0
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	It happens because that string of lights is a parallel string of lights.	1
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	This happens because when a parallel circuit is formed like this one the D-cell still allows the electricity to flow through the circuit.	1
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	Because it is a cinematic circuit.	0
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	The bulbs are connecting to the same circuit. It will not work.	0
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	The magnetic force will still go through.	0
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	Because electricity still goes through the wires to the others.	0
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	Because it is a parallel circuit.	1
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	That means it is a parallel circuit and if 2 bulbs burn out one will still be lit.	1
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	Because then it will not have a way to go.	0
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	The bulb share the same D-Cell.	0
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	The electricity will still flow through the wires to get to the other lights.	0
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	If the 2 bulbs in the middle burns out the one on top will.	0
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.	Because it is a parallel circuit.	1
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	I chose because that is the answer.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	Because 2 sponges is too much.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	It depends on the power of the magnets.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	Because the force field might be big enough to go through both foam blocks but it might not be.	1
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	In example A the magnets stuck. But example B it has 2 blocks and it does not matter if it is thick or thin.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	I chose that answer because the foam blocks are too thick for the magnet to attract each other.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	I choose that answer because in the picture the magnets look like they will fall to the ground but the magnets are still connected. So I think the magnets will fall.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	It depends how strong the magnets are or how big the magnetic force is.	1
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	It will not stick because the magnets force field is not strong enough.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	Because it is far away and I do not know how big the energy field is.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	Because the 2 foam blocks are too thick.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	Because the foam will be too thick with 2.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	It depends on how big or thick the sponge is. It also depends on how strong the magnets are.	1
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	Because the magnets are too far away from each other and they fall.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	The foam blocks are too thick so they will not work.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	It might stick because the magnets are strong or it might not because the foam could be too thick.	1
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	Because the magnets have a magnetic field surrounding them.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	The foam blocks are too thick, the magnetic force cannot go through.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	Magnets only have such a big magnetic field.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	Because 2 foam blocks are a lot thicker for the magnetic field to get through.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	Because a magnet has a field around it and if it is too big that the field cannot reach the other magnet.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	It is too thick.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	I said the magnets will stick because magnets have really strong magnetic fields and those really strong magnetic fields so they can go through 2 foam blocks.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	I chose that answer because 2 foam blocks too much for the magnet.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	Because it is has 2 sponges.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	I chose that answer because the gap between the 2 magnets is too big.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	I chose this answer because there is too many foam blocks between the 2 magnets.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	I chose that answer because the 2 foam blocks are so thick that the magnetism cannot get through them.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	The foam blocks are thick so the magnetism will not be able to go through.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	Because here I tried this with my reading book and it is thinner or it did not stick.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	The magnets will not stick because 2 foam blocks have more space than one.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	I chose this answer because it could be blocked or it could be attracted.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	Depends on how powerful the magnets are.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	I chose C. It might stick, but it might not because it depends on how strong the magnet is.	1
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	Magnetism is strong.	0
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.	I chose that answer because whether it sticks or not depends on how powerful the magnets are.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	She would put and back it to a D-cell.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Stick it into the clips and close the switch.	0
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	She should hook the extra wire from the wrapping part and connect the wires to the switch and D-cell battery. Then stick a short wire to connect the D-cell and switch.	0
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Wendy will connect the wire to a D-cell battery and switch, switch optional.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	She should hook it to a D-cell.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Hook the wires to the power source.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Connect it to a battery and a switch.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Connect one of the tips of the long wire to the switch. Connect the other long end of the wire to the D-cell and connect the short wire to the D-cell and the switch.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Hook the wire to a D-cell. Get a switch and another wire hook that wire to the switch. Get something made of metal. Press the top of the nail to the metal thing, they should stick.	0
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Get another wire hook it with the D-cell and the switch get the insulated wire and hook it to the switch and D-cell then turn it on with the switch and there a electromagnet.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Get a D-cell and a switch, connect the insulated wire to the switch and battery and you have an electromagnet.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	She should see if the magnet works as a electromagnet.	0
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	She should get a D-cell to make it work.	0
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Put the wires to the D-cell.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Attach the wire to each end of the nail.	0
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	She should hook the wire to the D-cell and switch and see if it will pick up iron or steel.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Wendy, you should have a D-cell or a D-cell it does not matter. And a switch if you want it to work.	0
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Get a D-cell and a switch.	0
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	She should attach one wire to a D-cell and the other to a switch. Then, she connects the D-cell and switch with a wire.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Wendy should get a D-cell and hook it up to the insulated wire and get a switch and hook some wires up to that, then she should get little washers and put them somewhere. Then you have an electromagnet.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Wendy should connect all the wires then to see if it works Wendy can try to pick up some washers.	0
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Wendy should connect the insulated wire to a D-cell and a switch and that will be a complete circuit and it will attract iron or steel.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	She should attach a switch to one side of the wire and attach the other to the D-cell. Attach another wire to the D-cell and switch.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Connect the wire to a D-cell and connect the wire to a switch and turn it on.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Wendy should plug in the electromagnet.	0
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Wendy will get a battery and connect the wires to the battery, get a battery holder.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Connect it to a battery.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Then Wendy should get another piece of wire and wrap it around the nail also then connect the other end of the wire to a negative and a positive.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Hook the wires to both sides of a battery.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	She needs a D-cell and washers.	0
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Wendy should connect the long wire to the battery next.	0
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Wendy needs to get little washers and stick the iron to the washer.	0
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	She would need a switch then she would turn on the switch she would also need a D-cell.	0
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Connect the wire to the D-cell and turn it on.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	She needs a D-cell to make it run.	0
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Connect the wires to a battery or power source.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	Hook it up to the D-cell then to the stick.	1
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.	To complete the circuit she needs to connect both ends of the wire to both end of a D-cell. You can use a switch.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	They got different measurements because their hands are different sizes.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	They got different measurements because their hands could be different sizes.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Because hands can be different sizes.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Maybe Andre's hand is bigger than Greta's hand.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Greta could have had a bigger hand.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	They both have different hand length.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	It was not a standard unit of measurement.	0
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Greta and Andre got different measurements because Andre's hand was much smaller than Greta's hand.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Greta had a smaller hand than him.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Maybe because one of their hands are bigger one of their hands are smaller.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Maybe she had bigger hands.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Because their hands were different sizes.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Because the hands are not the same size.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Greta used his hands. Andre used the white board. They should use the same thing.	0
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Their hands could be different length.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Their hands are different sizes.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Because the white boards were different sizes.	0
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Maybe their hands were too big and too little.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	They have bigger or smaller sized hands.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	It was because they have different hand sizes.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Because one of their hands are different sizes.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Because their hands were not the same size.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Because they have different hands and not the same.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Because one of their arms is bigger.	0
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Because she might open her hands why does not she use a ruler.	0
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Because they used their hands and if they use their hands they can have use the hand then your hands can get tired.	0
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Andre's hand were smaller.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Their hand are bigger than each others.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	They got different measurements because Andre has bigger hands than Greta.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Maybe Greta has a bigger hand and Andre smaller hand.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Because maybe the hand of Greta is too small. And Andre's hand is bigger.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Greta is taller and Andre is shorter.	0
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Their hand are not the same. Maybe Greta hands are big than Andre's.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	It is because Greta has bigger hands and Andre has little hands.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Greta might have bigger hands.	1
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.	Hands are not standard units.	1
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	They use different sizes of marbles.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	Some marbles are different sizes.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	I think the marbles had a different weight.	1
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	The marbles might be different sizes.	1
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	Bee's groups maybe had bigger marbles then the other group.	1
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	I think the marbles were different sizes.	1
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	The first group had smaller marbles.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	I think Bee's group had more mass in their marbles than Jin's group.	1
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	Maybe they had different size of marble.	1
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	I think that the marbles weighed different because they might of had one marble that was a different weight than and there.	1
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	They maybe used paperclips and paperclips are not the same size.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	The marbles are different sizes.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	One use small and big and marbles one use 60 and the other 60.	1
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	Maybe they had bigger marbles than the other team.	1
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	Because they use marbles and apple.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	I think they have to put more marbles.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	Maybe the balance was a little off.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	One group did not zero out the balance one did.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	Because there all sort of apples and they do all weigh different.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	Bigger grams.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	I think they did not zero it out on the balance beam.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	I think they do not balance the beam.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	Jin's group had big marbles and Bee's group had small marbles.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	Maybe Jin's group did it by doing it up to down and Bee's group did it by going around.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	Because they are both different.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	Maybe because the marbles are different sizes.	1
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	The marbles are different.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	They weighed it wrong.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	The marbles are not same weight.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	Different sized marbles.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	Different sizes of marbles.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	Marbles can weigh different. Different mass.	1
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	The marbles have different mass.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	Marbles in Bee's group is bigger.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	The apples are different sizes.	0
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.	They do not have the same number.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	They could use grams to weigh them.	1
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	Use mass pieces.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	They could both use the metric unit grams.	1
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	They should use the same marbles.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	They should use the same marbles.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	Use little marbles.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	35 grams to a glass case, 60 grams to a big book.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	They could redo it to see if they weighed the right mass.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	Use gram or standard unit of measurement.	1
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	They should use grams instead.	1
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	They should use a standard unit.	1
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	Use a standard unit like grams.	1
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	Because they weighed different but the same answer.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	If Jin's and Bee's groups can use a balance beam.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	Always use grams to know who much it weighs.	1
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	They should use a standard measurement to weigh the apple.	1
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	They can use grams.	1
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	Use the same stuff.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	Weighed the apple again.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	Zero out the balance.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	Use a standard like a gram.	1
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	Get the same size apples.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	To use a ruler to see if the 2 apples are different.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	Use same sized marbles.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	I think they both did it wrong because we measured it and it was 150.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	They could weigh it.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	They should be with a balance.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	Maybe because the marbles are different sizes.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	Use grams, use standard.	1
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	Use a standard, grams.	1
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	They should use grams to weigh the apple.	1
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	Use same size marbles.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	Use the same marbles.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	Use mass pieces.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	Get the same size.	0
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.	One group could use an apple then when they are done the other group could use it.	0
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	You might get more medicine than you needed.	1
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	Because then the tallies that you use will not make sense.	1
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	They use it all around the world. And it is important.	1
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	If you do not use a standard unit you might not get the right answer you may not even get one that is close.	1
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	Last time we were using our hand to measure the table and our hand we small and some of our kids was big.	0
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	If you do not use one you and your partner will not get accurate answers.	1
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	So you can find the actual answer to a question that you have.	0
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	It is important to use a standard unit of measurement because if you do not it will not be correct.	1
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	Because if you do not you will get the wrong measurement.	0
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	Because if you do not use it you may get the wrong answer.	1
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	We use standard units because if somebody makes bottles of water the put at the bottom how many liters it is.	0
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	So everyone would get the same answers. It is the same for everybody.	1
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	I think because if we do not use a standard unit we would get the answer wrong.	1
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	Because it will help a lot. It will never change. It is the same all over the world too.	1
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	You can make it too long or too short if you do not do it.	0
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	So you can get the measurement the same thing as everyone else.	0
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	So you can get the best answers. You need it because you will end up with 2 different answers.	0
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	Because if you do not use a standard you get the answer wrong.	1
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	So everybody agrees on it.	1
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	Because you might not know how much it is!	0
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	Because if you had no standard of measurement you could not measure anything.	0
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	Because if you use paperclips that would be wrong because they come in different sizes. And if you use your hand it will also be wrong because you hand could be big or small.	1
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	So you get correct measurements.	1
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	Because it is better using it so you will not get it wrong.	0
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	Because if you do not get the right answer. Because we are in the class. And we might in the same group in the class.	0
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	Because if you do not know how many to put.	0
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	Because if you do not use it will not be right.	0
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	If you do not they would know if you are talking centimeters, liters, milliliters, meters, kilograms, or grams.	1
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	Because you will learn metric unit faster.	0
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	So others know what you mean.	1
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	Well you cannot use straws.	0
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	So others will know.	0
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	So everybody get it right or get the same answer.	0
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	So that you can make an exact and accurate measurement.	0
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	Because if you used vials would be different sizes.	0
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.	We use a standard unit so we do not get the measurement worth.	1
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	The temperature.	0
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Celsius.	1
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	A thermometer.	0
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Celsius.	1
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Celsius.	1
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	He used Celsius.	1
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	He was using degrees Celsius.	1
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Celsius and the metric system.	1
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	28 F.	0
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Thermometer.	0
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	The degrees.	0
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Celsius.	1
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	28 Celsius.	1
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Thermometer.	0
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	A metric system.	1
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	He is using degrees Celsius.	1
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	A thermometer.	0
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	He is using Celsius.	1
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Celsius.	1
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Celsius.	1
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Degree Celsius.	1
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Nice and warm, about 28 degrees.	0
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	He is using is feeling.	0
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	He was using going outside estimating.	0
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Uncle Jen is using Celsius.	1
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Is was 60 milliliters.	0
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Thermometer.	0
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Celsius.	1
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Degree Celsius.	1
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Celsius.	1
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	A thermometer.	0
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Celsius.	1
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Thermometer.	0
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Celsius.	1
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Thermometer.	0
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.	Thermometer.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	He can use is volume because he can use it.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	Because I added the 20 and the 10.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	Because it is already 30 and it is too heavy. So 20.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	I chose the answer because I needed to add it together.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	The ball is too heavy.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	I chose this answer because it could not be 30 grams because the ball is lower so it must be 40 grams.	1
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	I chose this answer because one of the blocks said 20 grams.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	Because if you have a 20 mass piece and a 10 mass piece you have 40 grams all together.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	I counted the grams and got 30 grams.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	I got this answer because I counted 20 grams and 10 grams and it equaled 30 grams.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	Because 20 grams plus 10 grams equals 30 grams.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	I chose 20 grams because there is 20 grams plus 10 grams 30 grams that way I know how much is it.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	Because it was the cups that I saw and it was 20 grams and 10 grams to see.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	I think that is the answer 20 plus 10 equals 30.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	So I would get the right answer.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	I can see the ball is heavier than 30 grams because it is not a perfect balance and the level is not perfect.	1
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	Because 30 is not high enough.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	I chose this answer because in the mass has 20 and 10 grams and the equals 30 grams.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	That they ball in the cup and the mass pieces are in this cup. 20 grams plus 10 grams equals 30.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	I chose it because there is a 20 grams piece and a 10 grams piece but the ball is not even with the other side so it must weigh more.	1
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	Because the mass pieces gives you the answer.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	I chose it because the mass pieces are 30 grams. So I did the highest number.	1
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	Because it is very simple I added 20 plus 10 and it equaled 30 grams. And that is how I got my answer.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	Because in the cup there are 30 grams. So I picked 40 because 30 grams is not enough so I put 40 grams.	1
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	Because I carried a ball before and it felt like to me it is 30 grams.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	I put answer b because 20 plus 10 equals 30.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	Because if you see it is that because I chose it.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	Because 20 grams plus 10 grams equals 30 grams.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	Because a ball is heavy, and if you put in 10 grams it will probably weight.	1
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	20 plus 10 equals 30 and that is smaller than the ball which must be C.	1
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	Because 20 grams plus 10 grams equals 30 grams.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	Because the ball cannot be 40 grams or 20 grams it has to be 30 grams because the ball it little.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	Because there is no standard unit.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	Because 30 grams and 20 grams is much big.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	20 grams plus 10 grams equals 30 grams.	0
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.	Because 20 grams and 10 grams is 30 grams.	0
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	The rug was 12.	0
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	They can measure the rug with a meter tape.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	Use a meter tape.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	Use a meter tape.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	They could use a measuring tape and that is how they will get the same answer.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	Next time they can use a measuring tape to be more accurate.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	They could use a meter tape.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	They should use a standard measurement.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	The size of the rug was 18 grams.	0
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	They could use a meter tape.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	Have Mary come over and measure her room too.	0
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	They could use a meter tape, a centimeter ruler, or a inch ruler.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	They should use a standard metric unit to measure the rug like a meter tape.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	Use a ruler.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	She can measure with a centimeters.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	They could use a standard unit to measure the rug.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	They could use a standard measurement.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	They should return it and get another rug and measure with a meter tape.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	Use a standard measurement like a meter.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	They can use a metric tape.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	They have to get a measure tape.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	They could use a meter stick.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	They could have used a meter tape.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	They could buy a new rug and see if it fits.	0
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	They could get a meter tape and see how long it is.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	By using a measuring tape.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	She could use measuring tape and see how much is it.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	Sharice could have the rug and her wall before buying the rug.	0
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	Use a meter.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	Take the rug and if it fits buy it.	0
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	With a centimeters tape.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	To use a centimeters tape.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	Cut it.	0
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	They should use a standard unit of measure like a meter stick.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	They could use a ruler to measure the rug better then they got the right answer.	1
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.	They can use meters or a tape measure.	1
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	Because the salt was too small so small that you cannot see it.	1
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	Because sand is much softer and the salt.	0
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	Because the salt dissolved into the water and the sand did not.	0
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	Because salt and water are a solution but sand and water is just a mixture.	0
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	The sand got caught because it had rocks in it.	0
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	The salt went through because when the salt and water mixed the salt dissolved a little.	0
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	The particle size of the sand was too big to fit through the holes of the filter. While the salt particle size was too small to get caught.	1
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	The salt did not get caught because it dissolved in the water.	0
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	The salt went through the filter because it dissolved and the sand did not.	0
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	Because he put water in it so the salt dissolved with the water and ran right through.	0
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	Because salt is so small it slid through the large coffee filter. Sand is larger so it stuck to the filter.	1
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	The salt turns to liquid like an ice cube and then to water sand does not.	0
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	The sand was too big to fit through the tiny holes in the filter. The salt dissolved into the water and was way too small to get caught in the filter. It just went through.	0
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	The salt went through the filter because the salt mix with water to make saltwater. Sand the sand got caught because it is just like the powder it sticks to the sides.	0
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	The salt is smaller and is harder.	1
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	The salt had gone away or dissolved.	0
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	Because the sand is bigger than the salt.	1
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	The grains of salt must be smaller than the grains of sand.	1
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	The salt got dissolved in the water.	0
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	Because the sand is thicker than the water. Water is smooth.	0
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	Because the filter has smaller holes so whatever big particle will be separated.	1
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	Maybe because in the little dish there is little holes and it will not go through it.	1
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	The salt was small enough to go through the holes while the sand was too big to go through.	1
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	The sand cannot go through because the water would not let the sand dissolve.	0
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	It stayed there because of its size.	0
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	Because the salt evaporated so it could go through and still have salt in it. While sand did not so it could not go through.	1
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	Because salt can dissolve but sand is tiny parts of the ground.	0
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	Because the salt dissolved in the water and the sand did not.	0
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	Because the salt is evaporated already and the sand cannot because it is hard and it is gravel.	0
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	The salt became a part of the water so it dissolve in the water so the salt went with the water. But the sand did not dissolve in the water because it was so bulky.	0
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	The salt dissolved and became smaller. The sand became mud and got caught together and stayed on top.	0
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.	They have a sticky stuff that did not work.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	You can see through it.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	It is one material that dissolves into the other. Making a clear mixture. Although it could be colored, it has to be see through.	1
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	It is a clear mixture.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	It dissolves the solid into a liquid that is see through.	1
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	It has to be a fairly clear.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	A solution is a solid and a liquid mixed together.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	In a solution one of the materials dissolves and the mixture is see through.	1
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	A solution is different because a solution is a mixture of a solid material and a liquid.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	Because 2 mixtures become a solution. A solution is different because mixture cannot become a solution only 2 can.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	The difference from other mixtures was that we only used 2 and other people might use 3 or 4.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	A solution is when you take a mixture like powder and mix it with water then after stirring it, it becomes a solution.	1
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	Because it is made of 2 mixtures, and making it one mixture and becoming a solution of 2 mixtures.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	A solution is 2 materials put together and the one dissolves. And on a mixture they stay so you can see it.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	It is different because in other mixtures the liquid dissolves but in a solution the solid material dissolves.	1
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	A solution is different from a mixture because it is when you mix 2 or more things and a solution is when like water and salt dissolves or evaporated.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	When you make solution tiny particles of the solid explained some cannot see it.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	The solid material dissolves.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	A solution is a different type of mixture. Then they are a solution is a mixtures that dissolves.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	The salt dissolved in the mixture.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	A solution something that dissolves.	1
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	A solution is something that dissolves into the liquid and a mixture is something mixed up together.	1
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	When the mixture is mixed.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	A solution does not dissolve.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	Other mixtures are mixed with peas and tomatoes and other foods.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	A solution is when an object disappears in the liquid and in a mixture the object does not disappear.	1
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	A solution is something put into a liquid and made one thing.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	In a solution one material dissolves into the liquid.	1
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	Solutions are clear.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	Clear and 2 things that make it still clear.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	A solution is different because it is clear that you can see through.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	A solution is separated but a mixture is a bunched up together.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	Because a solution is clear but other mixtures are not.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	It has and weighs more with more things in it than a solution.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	Because one of the chemicals dissolves.	0
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	The solid must dissolve.	1
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.	They have a different type of them that they have different ideas.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	Because it turns clear. It bubbles.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	When you can see through the solution. When the solid gets dissolved into the liquid.	1
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	When you mix a solid and a liquid it is clear.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	Because the mixture is clear.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	It is clear and can be separated with evaporation.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	You can see through the mixture, and one material has dissolved.	1
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	When one seems to disappear because it has dissolved, and you can see through it.	1
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	When it creates one type of something. Like chocolate milk.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	It is when you cannot see the solid from the liquid.	1
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	When you cannot separate them with filters or screens.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	The solid seems to disappear, or dissolve.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	Well I will see the solid at the bottom and the liquid on top of it.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	You know because the solid matrix I will dissolve overnight.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	Then material will probably split up into smaller parts.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	Because the solid is kind of hard and liquid is more smoother.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	When you cannot see the solid.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	The solid dissolves. The solid breaks into tiny pieces so tiny no one can see it.	1
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	If you experiment you might find a way to separate.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	Of the materials dissolve.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	You know when the solid is dissolved.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	When water and salt mix the salt disappears or seems to and when you cannot see the salt that means you have made a solution.	1
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	The solid disappears into air pockets.	1
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	When something is mixing so you get a solution.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	You see how it mixes together and sometimes there are bubbles or wet.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	It is clear.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	I know that because it is mixed up because it is not clear anymore.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	When the water turns gray or a different color.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	Powder and water when they mix together. The water turn white, that how you tell or you look to the bottom.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	When they are in the container the water brushes off some dirt from the solid.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	When the solid dissolves.	0
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.	Because one of the chemicals dissolves.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Because it look a lot like alum.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	I chose it because I looked at the key below and I saw the same shape.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Because they are the same shape.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Because the particles in her dish, look like the ones in the box down below labeled alum.	1
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Because on the key alum is a hexagon and a hexagon in the middle with lines going from each point to the point on the hexagon inside.	1
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	I chose alum because it looks like alum and the mystery solution have the same pattern.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Because you see the picture in the dish and it looks the same.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	I looked at the crystal shape key and it looks most like alum.	1
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Because they look the same.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Well I look at the key below and I saw the same way it looked at the top.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Because that is what it is call and we talks about that is what it is call.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Because I thought it was the best answer.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	I looked at the pictures below and one of them looked like mystery solution looked at it said alum I picked alum.	1
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Because crystals look like a small amount and have lines on the side something each crystal has its own shape.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	I looked at the pictures and words and I tried to see which one matched the crystals in the circle.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Because picture tips of crystal like the same.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Because that is the picture Emily drew. Crystals have different shapes.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	You can see it on the pictures.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Just a wild guess.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Because it showed what alum looks like at the bottom.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Because they look the same.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Because they look like they have the same properties.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	I chose that answer, because the picture look the same.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Because picture show the exact same thing as alum in the picture below.	1
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Because they look the same.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	The alum has the same pattern and it looks the same.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	I chose that answer because it looks the same like the drawing in the circle.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Because it shows the pictures below.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	I chose that answer because when I look down the picture it look the same as the picture up there.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Because the picture down below of Epsom salt has no lines or anything.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Because her drawing looks the same as the one in the shape key.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	The alum in the picture below is a tall hexagon the crystal in the picture above is also a tall hexagon so it led me to the conclusion that they are the same.	1
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Because alum looks like the picture above.	1
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	Because it looks like alum but more crystals.	1
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	I chose it because on the key it looks the same as the crystal evaporating dish.	0
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.	It looks closer than the other.	0
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	The solid was too big to go through the filter paper.	1
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Because the little piece of the liquid and the undissolved is bigger.	1
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	It is separate because the paper filter is liquid.	0
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Because the solid is too heavy to go through the paper.	0
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Solid is too big to go through the filter hole. Liquid is just water that can go through almost anything.	1
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Because the filter cannot hold the water because the filter already has water in it.	0
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	The holes in the filter are smaller than the solid particles, and the water particles are smaller than the holes, so the water goes through the filter while the solid will not go through.	1
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Because the particle size was too big and the filter could not hold any more water because it was wet.	0
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Because when the solid touches the side, it sticks.	0
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Because the solid was bigger than the liquid so it got stuck!	1
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Because she did not wet the filter and when she put the water they got wet.	0
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Because the materials are too big to go through the holes but the water is not too big to go through the holes in the filter.	1
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	It stays in the filter because the solid material does not count as the solution.	0
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	The solid does not go through the filter like the liquid because the liquid is small enough to go through the filter but the solid is too large.	1
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Because it is a thick.	0
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Because the holes in the filter are too small for the solid to go through them.	1
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	The solid stayed in because it was too big to go through the microscopic holes in the filter paper.	1
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	The solid stays in the filter because the particles are too big to go through but dissolved can go through because the particles are small enough.	1
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	It stays at the top because it is too big to go through the filter and the water is just a liquid.	1
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	The solid is hard. It cannot go through because it is not a liquid.	0
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Because the solute in the saturated solution dissolved and were dispersed equally. The material that did not go through was too big to go through.	1
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Because the materials are stuck together with water and cannot go through the tiny holes in the filter.	0
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Because when the water goes through the filter some water stays which helps the filter catch the sugar.	0
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Because it is too thick to slide down the filter.	1
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Because the solid stay because it is too big and water it can just go through things like that.	1
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Because they are big.	0
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	The solid stayed in because it was not as watery and it was bigger chucks. The liquid is watery and so it went through.	0
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	The solid stays in the filter because the filter's holes are too small for the liquid to go through.	0
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Because paper absorbent and solids cannot go through solids.	0
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	The liquid was too big to go through the holes.	0
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Because in the filter paper there are little holes!	1
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	The solid would be too big to pass through the small holes in the filter paper.	1
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	The solid stays because its particle size was too large to go through the filter.	1
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Because water goes through the paper and the salt is not water.	0
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Because the liquid is a substance that can go through most objects with small or tiny holes and solid cannot.	0
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.	Because the solid did not dissolve.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No because one has more water.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No, because they do not say how much spoons are in there and 250 milliliters is more concentrated.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No. Because one has more water.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No because it has to be equal.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No, because one has more water.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No they do not because they are not the same amount of water and it will not equal the same.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	Yes, because if you get the same amount of water from each then weighed it they would measure up to the same amount.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No, because there is less room for the solute to spread out in Mariella's solution. The material at the bottom is not part of the solution.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	Yes because they both have the same amount of solid.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No because they have the same solid but different amounts of water.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No, they do not because Richard put more water which will make it less concentrated.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No. I think that Mariella's saturated solution is more concentrated because it has more solid.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No because one has more water which will make the solution heavier than the other.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No, because the 100 milliliters of water is more concentrated because it has less solvent and 250 milliliters of water has more solvent.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No because if you had Kool-aid the one with more water will give the powder more space to dissolve, but the one with less water will saturate because there is less space for the powder to dissolve.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	Yes because they both cannot hold any more solid.	1
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	Yes. They are both saturated which means they are also concentrated.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No. Why because one has 3 spoons of salt in it and 2 has 4 spoons of salt in it that is why it is more solution.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No, because it might be a different amount of the solid in it.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	I think yes because it does not matter how much whatever you put in it and they put the same amount of stuff.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	Yes, because if you take out the same amount of water out of each solution and put them on a balance then they will weigh the same. Only a certain amount of water can hold a certain amount of salt.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No it does not because the 250 is more than 100.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	Yes because if you take out a certain amount of water out of each of them and weigh them and they will weigh the same.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No, the one with 100 milliliters of water is more concentrated because the solid has less room.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No because Richard has more water than Mariella and Mariella only has 100 milliliters of water. And it is more crowded with 100 milliliters of water.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No, because Richard has more concentration space than Mariella because he has more water which means less saturation room.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	Yes, because they are both saturated and if they add more it will just become more saturated.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	Yes. Because they both put sort of the same amount of water into the cup and so they both have the same concentration.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No, because Mariella's solution had more water.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	Yes there is the same amount of solution.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No, because if they did then both the water would be the same.	0
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.	No because Richard has way more solution than Mariella so it is not the same amount.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	B has more solute than A does therefore B will weigh more since the solute is equally spread.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	They are the same amount of water different in spoons. That is why B weighs more because of spoons.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	Because you would have to take 50 milliliters of water out of cup B or else cup B would be heavier. So it would more fair.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	I chose cup A because it seems more concentrated.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	Because he pour only 50 milliliters of solution in each cup.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	Because B is the double of A.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	Because cup B has more spoons of the solute and has more water.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	Because if you just took 50 milliliters of water out of each, they would be equal. I got this one wrong.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	I think the second one because B has more scoops of solute.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	Because now there is now only some of water in each and 4 is more than 2 and cup B more concentration.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	I picked cup B because I thought it would have more spoons of solute than cup A.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	Because 2 is half of 4 spoons and 50 milliliters is half of 100.	1
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	Because Nigel took out the same amount of solutions. There is 2 spoons for 50 milliliters of water. The concentration are the same.	1
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	They both have 2 spoonfuls per 50 milliliters so when you compare 50 milliliters from each they both have 2 spoonfuls in the 50 milliliters.	1
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	Because they both have the same amount of water but have different amount of salt.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	I think cup B would be more heavy because cup B is more concentrated.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	They are going to be even.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	Cup B is more concentrated than cup A.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	Because solution B has more water in the top.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	They are the same, because there is a pattern, for every 2 spoons of solute add 50 milliliters of water.	1
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	B because it gave 100 milliliters water and 4 spoons of solute. And A gave 5 milliliters water 2 spoon of salt so I stay with B.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	I chose the same because he took bottle A and half of bottle B and half of bottle B equals A.	1
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	It is like x like 50 times 2 equals 100 so then 2 spoons of solute equals 50.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	All solutions are mixtures, and a solution is when something disappears into the other.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	Solution would need to be doubled.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	Because he took the same amount from each bottle.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	Because they both have the same amount of solution in each cup. So both cups weigh the same.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	Because there is 2 spoons and 50 milliliters and then there is 4 spoons and 100 milliliters so they are going to weigh the same.	1
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	Because there is more water and solute.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	I chose that one because in bottle B they took 50 milliliters but in it they put 4 spoons.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	I chose this one because in the picture above there is more water in cup B.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	Solution B has more water so it weighs more than solution A.	0
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.	Cup B because it is just double.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	If you take the same amount of water and weight it will measure to the same things.	1
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	I chose cup 2 because it has the same water 2 has more solute.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	The solutions have the same amount of solute, there is just more on the bottom of the cup in cup 2.	1
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	I chose A because in each cup you could put 4 spoons and it dissolved. When the fifth scoop went in it did not dissolve. The undissolved part is not part of the solution.	1
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	Once a solution is saturated it is at its highest level of concentration.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	My choice is A because it might weigh the same and they both is saturated.	1
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	Because both of the cups one and 2 have the same amount of concentrations because they are both saturated.	1
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	They are the same because once a solution is saturated it cannot go further.	1
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	I chose cup 2 because it has more solute in it.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	I picked C because cup 2 has more solute than cup one.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	Because it has more spoons of solute but it has the same amount of water.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	Because there is the same amount of solvent but there is more solute in cup 2.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	Each solution has same amount of water, which means they both hold the same amount of solute after saturation.	1
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	Because they are both at the highest point of concentration.	1
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	Because it is the same.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	It does not show how much dissolved and how much did not.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	Because both cup one and 2 are already concentrated. Neither cup one or 2 can hold any more solvent.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	Because Tabby said that the solute and water were the same and I believe him and it says that they both have the same thing on the bottom clear, material on the bottom.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	It clearly states that 2 has more.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	Because is look like it.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	Same water but more scoops.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	Because both looked alike to me.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	Because cup 2 have 8 spoons.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	I think that the answer is cup 2 because it has more spoons.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	Because solution 2 is more concentrate because it has more spoonfuls.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	I put C because cup 2 has more spoons of solute so it would be heavier.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	Because cup 2 has more salt, 8 spoons and because it has more material on the bottom.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	I put A because it is the same because it the same amount of water and only 2 scoops more than the other one.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	I would need to know how much stuff is at the bottom.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	Because they have the same amount of water but cup 2 has more spoons of solute.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	Both have the same because they have the same milliliters of water and they are both the same.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	Cup one might have 6 spoons of solute and cup 2 has 8 spoons and both have 50 milliliters of water.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	Cup one has less material on the bottom.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	Because cup one has the same amount of water but different amount of solute.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	The solutions both have the same amount of water, but not the same amount of clear material on the bottom. So cup one wins.	0
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.	Because both are saturated, and if you used 6 spoons for cup 2 both cups are still saturated.	1
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Jorge knew a chemical reaction was occurred because it started bubble.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because the mixture bubbled.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because gas being formed can be a sign of a chemical reaction.	1
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because he knew the bubbles meant carbon dioxide was being formed.	1
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because the balloon expanded and filled with gas and it bubbled up.	1
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because it started to bubble or to fizz and it is the proof of gas.	1
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because when it bubbles that means a reaction is taking place.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because bubbling is a sign of a chemical reaction.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because it bubbled.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because the solution began to bubble.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because whenever it fizzes or bubbles that means it is a reaction.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because the bubbles appear it makes a gas.	1
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	He knew because there are bubbles in the container.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Bubble.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because gas bubbles appeared.	1
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	He knew because first he put a material in the water and started to bubble and that made gas so that is a clue of a chemical reaction.	1
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because there were gas bubbles.	1
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because he saw it bubble up that is why he knew it was a chemical reaction.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	When he put the solid in the liquid it start to bubbles.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because it bubbled and fizz.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because it bubbled and when something bubbled it means a reaction occurred.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because the solution bubbled.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	I think it is because it started to bubble and because it would not do that if it was not a reaction.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	He knew because it bubbled.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Jorge knew a chemical reaction occurred, because the mixture began to bubble.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	He knew because a change occurred and it made a gas.	1
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	He knew because when bubbles pop a gas is released into the air.	1
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because it was making gas, it was fizzing, it made some precipitant.	1
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because the solution started to bubble.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because the container started to bubble up.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because he saw it fizz and bubble up.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because bubble appeared when he add the solid material.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because it bubbled and if it bubbles then it is a reaction.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	A chemical reaction is when something happens if you add a material and a liquid together and something happens it is a chemical reaction.	0
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because it started to bubble and have a gas.	1
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.	Because his experiment took action right away with no waiting.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	It dissolved in the water.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	The chemical that stayed down there.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	The chemical that saturated down there.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	That is not a solution it is a mixture.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	It creates a precipitate a new chemical who you mix 2 different chemicals and that creates a precipitate.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	The white solid indicates by being a mixture.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	The white solid indicates that the white solid went to the bottom.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	A solution.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	To evaporate.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	The material that you put in the water did not dissolve because it is too heavy.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	The white solid had settles and so the 2 solutions would be a mixture.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	All of the thing that you put in will go to the bottom leaving a clear liquid.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	There is a precipitate on the bottom.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	It is a product on the bottom of the cap.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	Well when you mix the 2 solutions it became a different mixture.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	That it is a new solid material.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	Chemical reaction.	1
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	A chemical reaction.	1
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	It indicates a precipitate.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	That white solid indicates a precipitate.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	It saturated in the cup.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	That it is a precipitate because if they mixed materials, together and there was a cherry and there is a new material then that is a precipitate.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	Because that one that you are say that you are so to 46 that or no.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	That the water cannot hold any more solute. It is saturated.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	That the white solid is C.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	A new product that is called a precipitate.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	That you have made a saturated solution.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	The white solid indicates that a precipitate has occurred.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	A precipitant.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	Salt.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	It was solution and a mixture. It promptly got cold or hot at the bottom.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	Saturation.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	The white solid indicates the crystals.	0
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	It indicates that it turned into a solution and mixture that got mixed then produced chemical also.	1
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]	We kept on glassing because it become clear.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because when it fizzing it releases a gas. When a gas forms from 2 materials it is a gas.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because the baking soda and citric acid started out plain but when you poured water in it reacted.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because it shows and once you see it you will know that it is a chemical reaction because it starts to look like little bubbles and that is what a chemical reaction is.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because it indicates something else is produced.	1
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because the chemicals clash and fizz.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because It means that it is a gas or new material!	1
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	It created a gas and new material was made.	1
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because the 2 solutes and the solvent made a gas.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	It indicates a gas.	1
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because the bubble makes the solution or mixture different.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because it was letting out gas.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Gas was in it so that why it start fizzing.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	It is a clue because it is making a gas and that is a clue so you know that a chemical reaction is about to happen.	1
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because you made a gas.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because a chemical reaction creates gas bubbles or a precipitate.	1
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	It was fizzing because when he a mix baking soda and citric acid together the fizzing have meant that it dissolved and made bubbles.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because it shows that something other than just doing nothing.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because something has to happen for the precipitate to be made.	1
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because fizzing is created by gas bubbles.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because fizzing is a sign of gas leaving a material and that is a chemical reaction.	1
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because when it does that you know that you have made gasses and gasses are made when chemical reactions occur.	1
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Fizzing is a reaction.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Sometimes because fizzing means that gas is escaping and that is a chemical reaction.	1
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because if it was just water it would not fizz.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because when it fizzes there is gas and that is a sign of a chemical reaction.	1
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	It is evidence because it made gas and fizzing occurs only when one material does not like the other one.	1
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Fizzing evidence of a chemical reaction because when it fizzes it means it is producing gas.	1
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	It is a chemical reaction because it made a gas and a gas only appears if there is a chemical reaction.	1
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Something happened so it is a reaction.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because fizzing is a reaction and so it had to be a chemical reaction.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because you are putting 2 mixtures together so when it starts fizzing that is how you know it is a chemical reaction.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because it did something.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because it fizzed and moved so that is how.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because it is bubbling and bubbling is a reaction when you mix stuff together and it bubbles.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because when more than 2 chemicals are mixed it produces fizzing.	0
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.	Because the material before did not use to fizz until they were put together.	0
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	Because first she put eggshells then the next day she made a solution.	0
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	Because bubble came out of the eggshell.	0
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	I think she made a solution because the eggshells and bubbles disappeared.	1
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	She made a solution because she said that the water was clear and that is a solution.	1
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	I think she did a solution because it had bubbles.	0
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	Because the eggshells were gone.	1
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	Because it was clear.	0
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	That is because a solution is clear that you could see through.	0
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	She made a solution because the eggshells had disappeared and it cannot be separated.	1
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	Because the eggshells were gone and the water was left, inside was clear that why she thinks that she made a solution.	1
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	It was a reaction because it fizz and bubble up.	0
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	The mixture was clear and eggshell was gone.	1
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	Because bubbles are one sign of a gas.	0
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	She thinks she made a solution because the eggshell dissolved in the vinegar and bubbled up and turned clear.	1
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	Because the eggshell was gone and it was clear.	1
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	Grace mixed 2 materials together and the solution ended up clear.	0
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	Because she thinks that the eggshells and the water reaction and she think during the reaction the eggshell dissolved.	0
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	She thinks she made a solution because the solute dissolved and the water is clear.	1
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	Yes because she saw the gas on and the vinegar was clear.	0
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	Because a solution is when a solute and a solvent are mixed and she did that.	0
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	Because she put eggshells in a cup and covered them with vinegar and after a couple of days she saw that they were gone.	1
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	The eggshells dissolved a solution is when the solvent dissolve.	0
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	The vinegar destroyed the eggshells.	0
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	Because he used something that can make it bubble.	0
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	I think Grace thinks she made a solution because she mixed eggshells and vinegar together.	0
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	Because at the end the eggshell was gone and the water was clear.	1
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	Grace thinks she made a solution because the eggshells disappeared into the liquid.	1
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	I think the reason why Grace thinks she made a solution is because the eggshells went away after awhile.	1
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	I think she did make a solution because a solution is when 2 or more materials are mixed together and one disappears into the other.	1
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	Because it turned into a clear liquid solution.	0
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	She thinks the water was clear, which it was so it was a solution.	0
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	Because there were more bubbles everyday.	0
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	Because she said the water was clear. When water is clear then it is a solution.	1
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	It is a solution because the eggshells disappeared leaving liquid clear making a solution.	1
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.	Because she mixed the vinegar with the eggshells and later bubbles started to show up then it cleared.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because after a while small bubbles appeared, but in the next day, bubbles, starting to be more eggshells were disappeared.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	She made a reaction because it started to bubble after a while.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	She made a reaction because bubbles appeared.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	She did make a reaction by saying that there was bubbles in the cup.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	The eggshells were gone.	0
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Grace thinks she made a reaction because bubbles appeared on the eggshells and that is what a reaction is.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because there are bubbles and the shells just disappeared.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	There was bubbles but just there was a gas.	0
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because it was bubbles and fizzing.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because it started bubble.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because the eggshells bubbled then dissolved.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because it bubbled.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Bubbles on the eggshells.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because there were bubbles.	0
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because there was bubbles.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	The bubbles made a reaction.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because there were gas bubbles.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because she use eggshells and vinegar then small bubbles appeared then there were more bubbles the eggshells turned into a liquid.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because a reaction is where something combines and changes start which is a fizz or bubbles.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because there were a lot of bubbles. That one of the effects of a reaction.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because there were gas bubbles.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	It was a slow reaction but when it started to bubble and the shell dissolved it was a reaction.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because there was a lot of bubbles on the eggshell after she added the vinegar.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because she saw bubbles.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because she put eggshells in a cup and covered them with vinegar and after a couple of days she saw that they were gone.	0
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	A few bubbles came. Gas.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because the egg shells disappeared.	0
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	She made bubbles and that is a common sign of a reaction.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because she mix more there was fizz.	0
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because there were more bubbles everyday.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because the eggshells bubbled and a few days later the eggshells were gone.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	She did make a reaction because she saw bubbles.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because it bubbled.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because it was gone.	0
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	Because it had bubbles appearing.	1
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.	It bubbled that is why.	1
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	No because no solid that one has more than the other in the same amount of water.	0
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	No not all mixtures and solutions come out correct he needs to let it sit or he should let or he should let I stir it.	0
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	Yes because different materials have different solubility.	1
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	Yes because different solids have different solubility is. Janet and Mike used different solids. They are wrong.	1
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	Yes it is possible both solubility's are correct different solubility's very possible because some substances are more able to dissolve in less space than others.	1
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	Yes because the water has different materials in it and the materials have different atoms and stuff and that makes changes to what happens to them in water and their solubility.	1
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	No because it has 2 different chemicals and it does not have the same solubilities.	0
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	Yes because they are whole new materials.	1
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	Because they are different ingredients.	1
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	Yes because they are 2 different ingredients.	1
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	Yes because the solubility is of mixtures are not all the same.	1
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	Yes because they are different materials.	1
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	Yes because they are both different.	1
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	Yes it is.	0
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	What do you mean I do not how what you are say to me so can you help me.	0
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	Yes because all material move in a different way.	1
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	Because they are different things. Nitrate is different then chloride so they cannot be the same weight. Just like a monkey and a elephant.	0
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	Yes because all materials have different grams.	0
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	Yes because they are 2 different things.	1
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	No because silver chloride is different than silver nitrate.	0
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	No because silver chloride is different than silver nitrate.	0
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	They are correct because the materials are 2 whole different materials.	1
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	Yes because something else can have the exact same thing and it does not have to be like that.	0
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	No because only a certain amount of solid can dissolve in a certain amount of water. They both got different solubility in the same amount of water which mean somebody did something wrong.	0
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	The fizzing means that it came from the gas.	0
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	Yes they can do it different but be the same way.	0
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	No because they are different grams.	0
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	No because they might weigh different.	0
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	Yes because Janet used silver chloride and Mike used silver nitrate which means if they used 2 different things they both could be right.	1
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	Yes because both the silver thing are different and they weigh different.	0
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	No because they used different chemicals so that why it is not the same and also because they used different sizes.	0
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	It could be possible chance it is correct but there could also be a 50 chance it is right and a 50 50 chance it is wrong. If they do not know they could do some test and research.	0
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.	Yes because silver nitrate might be heavier.	0
The mixtures are all clear.	Because when you use a mixture and as it dissolve it is a solution.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	Maybe it could change to him and have something die.	0
The mixtures are all clear.	I think jam is mixture.	0
The mixtures are all clear.	Because they dissolved.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	When the mixture is clear and no material is on the bottom.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	The evidence Jim has is the material on the bottom and the solid because a solution has 2 or more things combined.	0
The mixtures are all clear.	That the water is clear.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	My evidence is a solution can be clear or evaporated by heat and so all of them are clear.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	The evidence he has is that it is clear and nothing on bottom to be a solution.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	Because it was clear and nothing on the bottom.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	He put the solid in the water and the solid dissolved into the water.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	Mixtures one, 3, and possibly 2 are clear a sign that the material has dissolved and made a solution.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	Mixtures one and 2 are solutions because they are clear.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	It has to be clear with nothing on bottom.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	When the solid material is disappeared.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	I know it is a solid because it has stuff in the but mine.	0
The mixtures are all clear.	That there is undissolved particle at the bottom.	0
The mixtures are all clear.	Mixtures 4 and 5 are evidence.	0
The mixtures are all clear.	Because a solution is clear.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	He has that he put a solute in the solvent and it came out clear and nothing on bottom.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	His evidence is the mixture turned clear.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	If the material dissolved it is a solution.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	Because the solid dissolve.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	The evidence is the water cannot take any more ingredients.	0
The mixtures are all clear.	Because there is nothing at the bottom.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	That if it does have material at the bottom that it is not.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	Because the solid dissolve.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	There is material on the bottom and that means it is saturated solution.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	Because some of them have a dissolved solid.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	The mixtures are clear.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	How much water is in it, and how much spoons of solid are in it.	0
The mixtures are all clear.	When the solid disappears into the solvent.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	His mixture is clear.	1
The mixtures are all clear.	One spoon.	0
